politics	
politics	This is how treats pregnant women: "Pregnant asylum seekers to give birth on Nauru": via 
politics	IWillWalkFor cleaning of politics 
politics	seriously tell me, does sheeda stand anywhere in politics and political decision making. 
politics	AusPol 
politics	I… 
politics	Report: One-third of the cases include children who have been the subject of prior CPS reports. via 
politics	india business : PM leaves tomorrow on a visit to Russia, China: Singh will be participating in the 14th ann... 
politics	Oh God. 'Minister wants boat people called illegals' 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	BBC News - SNP conference: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' Any Thoughts on self belief? 
politics	Exactly. at the end our lives should change. But anything to change politics is the cpu. 
politics	Third-class trains? Union leaders accuse Government over leaked document on East Coast main line 
politics	Anti-Politics and the Problem of Listening … sociology 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - Washington PostUS Rep. CW Bill Young dies a... 
politics	News: Travis Rowley: Cruz-ing Past Whitehouse - GoLocalProv 
politics	Govt chooses confrontation: BNP 
politics	Jets look to prove A-League doubters wrong: Newcastle skipper Ruben Zadkovich says critics may have already ruled... 
politics	Tymoshenko exit bill submitted to Ukraine parliament: A Ukrainian lawmaker with President Viktor Yanukovych's ... 
politics	Politics aside, this is one of those "The hell were you thinking?" moments. It's Twitter, for fuck's sake ... 
politics	Sun News : Wallin mulling legal action over Senate suspension motion - (via 
politics	Activists: Shelling in embattled northern province in Syria kills at least 20 Woman politics News world egypt 
politics	Obama, Dems are unified now but face tough tests 
politics	Ok RT ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	Democrats Aim to Restore Immigration to Agenda 
politics	Deputy Editor for Politics and Economy - 
politics	"Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies." 
politics	End of shutdown stalemate shows a GOP at war with itself: The Republicans still haven't learned after the... 
politics	Travis Rowley: Cruz-ing Past Whitehouse - GoLocalProv 
politics	According to the Center for Responsive Politics the 2012 election was the most expensive in his.. socialmedia 
politics	Oh y'know.. 
politics	How uninsured Americans will save Obamacare from itself 
politics	Wambach says marriage not about politics via 
politics	Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda, with a massive swing against the Liberal government. auspol 
politics	Politics is the art of preventing people from sticking their noses in things that are properly their business-Paul Valery quote 
politics	I am going to ignore even that. politics 
politics	My second is up. Pussy. 
politics	Law Wire News US Homeland Security choice suggests priority shift 
politics	My very dear You are becoming too politically correct on too many issues. Its the beginning of end for honest politics 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China with the corrupt wealthy ruling, is it. 
politics	Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief - Jerusalem Post: Turkey: Israel beh... 
politics	Interesting story: Is Harper still a conservative? 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog 
politics	READ THIS: Excellent piece on this week's political happenings by ableg ablib Cc 
politics	Away from the public eye, Obama quietly nurtures an evolving sense of spirituality: WASHINGTON — Pr... scripture 
politics	George Little, longtime Pentagon press secretary, to step down 
politics	ah...you're much more efficient than i! (though posssibly not needing to rush back and sort out an 8-yr-old!) 
politics	Photo: kahn-iceay: anyilherron: rampagey: amydentata: robot-heart-politics: GOP Politician Tweets That... 
politics	The current gridlock in Washington is the "worst sort of politics possible"! 
politics	Measures to safeguard and benefit Armed Forces in independent Scotland backed by SNP 
politics	In new book ScottWalker rips MittRomney, touts his record: 
politics	Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases 
politics	//We are the ones who failed... 
politics	Ashbygate at Northwind Auspol LNPfail Brough 
politics	Oh I don't think I could stand another Blair in Politics we don't need anymore truth stretchers⁉️⁉️ 
politics	DPS offices open Saturdays to process photo IDs for voting - Dallas Morning News 
politics	but now they exemplify a politics that can only re-stage formulaic dramas with a savage appetite for incompetence and buffoonery. 
politics	Well said, the whole Illuminati conspiracy as main stream politics is irritating now 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort possibility, frighteningly possible 
politics	. Me thinks ye can go home early! newireland13 
politics	A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day: Presidential devotionals: A look at spiritual meditations that h... 
politics	Huge FO secret archive shortly after MoD and Colonial secret archives revealed Utterly staggering 
politics	Suspect arrested in cold case killing in Chestnuthill Township - Pocono Record (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	...Cowardly Citizens - Mombu the Politics Forum 
politics	The 'Root' of pakistani politics is evil.. unclekhans honesty will never work under this corrupt system. 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics 
politics	UK BorderAgency sends text messages suggesting British citizens may not have leave to remain (i. e. 'go home' ). 
politics	I agree about Romney,most definetly-but Cruz & his "politics" is a WHOOOLE different "animal"! 
politics	This is why I have never hated "the most hated man in Britain" - 
politics	A fair way to spread the worlds wealth? 
politics	newireland13 Gerry Adams reminds conference that 25 years ago today that Thatcher introduced censorship on Irish politics 
politics	Art or politics? Nationalist or anti-rape/War? Jerzy Bohdan Szumczyk's sculpture of soldier raping a pregnant 
politics	WE (I) want more of this kind of counter Journalism... top piece. BBC News - Jumpergate - the story that wasn't 
politics	not all trash, I have 2 Democrat friends. But I have to avoid politics at all costs-so maybe they're trash 
politics	Love and Politics, evergreen bestsellers on Twitter."Also the love for politics and the politics of love. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran newsfeed News politics egypt health, 
politics	She is looking for the light into so much darkness in politics and economy world by Godo Ch... 
politics	politics health 
politics	it's politics.. In today... 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran middleeast newsfeed world egypt LONDON politics News 
politics	FakeItEasy already PowerOfACommonMan surging in Delhi 
politics	Off to for a presentation about impact of Internet on society and politics. opengov Politics2_0 Debate with Prof. Keller by SEIS 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal news politics humanrights CNN 
politics	ANC will ‘win’ 2014 vote, no question about it – Jacob Zuma: Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. 
politics	Akhilesh failed miserably in UP, he is busy in Muslim appeasement politics NaMoInKanpur Shame 
politics	Azerbaijan president elections 2013 inauguration Iham Aliyev 
politics	Comments open on this BBC article 'Independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	Kids, eh? 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX 
politics	Samburu leaders demand State action over killings SamburuCounty 
politics	shilpa n apoorva r totally fake, gandi politics khelte hain.... 
politics	If we lie to the government, it's a crime. If they lie to us its politics." Injustice 
politics	politics 
politics	Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda Lib's can't fool the voters all of the time.#auspol nswpol qldpol 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission News Belgium Breaking politics 
politics	States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal Belgium politics ABC Syria 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran health FOX Breaking egypt LONDON tcot politics 
politics	Begich, Cantwell Announce Alaska Crab Fishery to Open by Weekend senate politics 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran health Syria politics fail middleeast 
politics	Abbott has engaged in the dirtiest Most vile form of politics Rorted the taxpayer Avoided scrutiny &we get Propaganda by Oakes 
politics	Michael Gove: governments must stop lying to children about life chances vía 
politics	We don't have a parliament.. 
politics	Im actually looking forward to wearing jumpers. 
politics	Politics for Money 
politics	Bad times again in the Maldives - great country but bad politics. Documentary The Island President showed some hope 
politics	Local government politics, WA style. auspol 
politics	politics ante antha easy ga undhi neeku Pk ni sep party pettamanu JP situation choosavu ga 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal FOX sms egypt politics Syria 
politics	News: Weekly Address: Working Together on Behalf of the American People TFB Obama p2 politics 
politics	Kanpur live: Modi to address rally, to sound UP war cry for 2014 - Firstpost 
politics	Tories keeping the working class in their place. 
politics	A defeated GOP wants to unite, move on, fight another day spotlight 
politics	AS Politics Unit Topic 1 Democracy and Topic 4 Pressure Groups - New Social Movements - their effect on democracy: 
politics	FYI the greens are the herpes of Australian politics, you don't want them but they keep coming back auspol 
politics	Art of Politics: Buy the frustration, sell the hope, pocket the difference 
politics	China criticizes Abe for ritual offering to Yasukuni shrine - AJW by The Asahi Shimbun 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian region sms politics sydney 
politics	'Crazy' to pay woman protester to be ObamaCare navigator, Kansas official says 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran health News FOX LONDON politics Belgium 
politics	Nanjing Massacre was forged by China. 
politics	I love the fact you tweeted that Sammy "two pools" link to Lord "Two Jags", 
politics	Latest news: Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda - Sydney Morning Herald 
politics	Half asleep, I read that as "Elderly people abuse US politics throughout the programme". Sounded interesting. And noisy. 
politics	Hehehe who leaked this Ferial letter though? Office politics sometimes. 
politics	BREAKING: Marriages Monday in New Jersey! | 
politics	There are plenty of reasons to dislike him, without making more up: 
politics	What are your major goals in life? — graduate uni with a first 
politics	/r/politics [spam filtered] Lobbyists Looking To Call Themselves Something Else: Here Are A Few Suggestions 
politics	Speaker Silver hasn’t spoken to disgraced friend Rapfogel: The Assembly Speaker said Friday that he ha... follow 
politics	No winner for $50 million Lotto Max jackpot or two Maxmillions prizes: No winning tickets were sold for last... 
politics	Long Beach Islamic Center to open facility in Signal Hill - Long Beach Press 
politics	Energy bills cut pledge conference in Perth snp13 indyref 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission BBC UN Belgium sydney politics 
politics	White House tours to resume for public 
politics	As Rahul Gandhi is for politics, Rohit Sharma is for cricket.. Pappu 
politics	Person: Stop critiquing my identity! 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages Belgium politics ABC Syria 
politics	Yanks drag christian out of congress and give her psychiatric assessment. Fools. 
politics	The shamelessness of the energy companies shows why we need a price freeze. 
politics	WELFAREshould be as hard to get as aBUILDING PE... Bumper Stickers Zazzle politics 
politics	Why should young people engage in politics? Film made by Norwich young people with the great 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking 
politics	[BBC] Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces he... Rennd 
politics	bentozy Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces ... news 
politics	Rep. C.W. Bill Young, House Republican, dies at 82 
politics	Activists: Bomb near Syrian capital kills 16 
politics	[Guardian-UK] SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of... 
politics	Defund Obamacare graphicdesign available!!! 
politics	In politics stupidity is not a handicap. 
politics	How the GOP Slowly Went Insane - Atlantic Mobile 
politics	we only have personal politics, what's rape for profit? 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics Syria BBC CNN 
politics	Some of my photos from the UAE funded refugee camp Jordan.Compassion, politics and violence entangled in Syrian aid 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Belgium politics ABC Syria egypt Woman Iraq UN News 
politics	Those who accused me of stealing were in a hurry to get me out of office — Prof. Grange 
politics	Photo: rampagey: amydentata: robot-heart-politics: GOP Politician Tweets That Transgender People Should Go... 
politics	Study Govt n Politics or watch Despicable Me 2 1080p? Hmm DespicableME2 
politics	winter weather of madras - acceptable. But Bangalore ? No ! 
politics	Politics: US VP Dick Cheney had the wireless function of his heart device disabled to prevent terrorists from using it to kill him. 
politics	and yet in this country gap between rich & poor smallest in a generation. 
politics	New post: "Former House Speaker Tom Foley dead at 84" 
politics	Obama's Options on Default: Impeached If You Do, Impeached If You Don't ImpeachObama 
politics	It is always a joy to stumble into some untarnished humanity. Bravo! I shall not 'spoil' it with politics. (ooops.) 
politics	Kiran is toothless snake ? 
politics	Same applies to us. If we are so clean, wat are we doing in our homes? Why r we not into politics n working hard? 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world AP reuters iranelection politics 
politics	okillingback politics is based on a 5 year plan of getting back in,,#peterstoffers we are aware of an issue in S Orange 
politics	"Hideous Jumper" Alert! RT The most controversial Newsnight decision since Jeremy Paxman's beard: 
politics	Would you want an Edu. Sec. who uses vacuous analogies or one who is just vacuous (but verified)? michaelgove 
politics	that's why I can't be bothered with politics. It's the same year after year. Wankers, the lot of em. Sponging pricks actually 
politics	he is also the president of the victims +40m kenyans.the 'victims' who r opposing r only afta his wealth or politics 
politics	Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington: Senator Ted Cruz’s defiance in Washington has only bolste... 
politics	Does Chris Christie really want a GOP legislature? via 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics 
politics	SUBSCRIBE: To our YouTube channel for music, technology, religion, politics and (spiritual) education 
politics	Be careful of someone who's so well spoken...work...life...politics. 
politics	Sigh this politics homework is LONG!! 
politics	Oh, tarzie sez he's abt to attack Snowden, cuz he dislikes his politics. objectionrelevance 
politics	Huw Irranca-Davies MP: Government ignoring evidence on badger cull (Epolitix) 
politics	China and Rosneft to work together in Siberia 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran health News FOX LONDON politics 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Ira Headline FOX world politics CNN BBC AP 
politics	The last insurgent conservative dismissed by establishment Kentucky GOPers? Rand Paul. 
politics	Tom Foley, 'an unusually civil politician,' dies travel 
politics	Is Kalyan Singh active in mainstream politics of UP? 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages world BBC politics Woman news 
politics	Maldives president urges candidates to end standoff - Politics Balla via 
politics	Apparently Dick Cheney watches and didn't want to suffer the same fate as VP Walden. Homeland 
politics	Ashbygate at Northwind "Spring is in the air"..... I have always loved spring 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	good work mam.. And even if u decide to join politics, never ever support these corrupt bastards.. 
politics	Pres. Obama Calmly & Skillfully Rebukes 'GOP-Stupidity' on Shutdown via 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in nor FOX sydney newsfeed politics Euronews health, world sms 
politics	Amaandla RT ANC will ‘win’ 2014 vote, no question about it – Jacob Zuma: 
politics	manipulating politics more than the media you mean thomas 
politics	Archbishop Martin criticises sectarian Catholic blogs | 
politics	Thanks Mum, for everything. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran google sms Syria LeMonde iraq 
politics	I hated the school as a whole & I don't want my daughters to live in mine & my siblings shadows. The politics daar are hectic. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran health News FOX LONDON politics Belgium iraq 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics 
politics	French female Min jeered for her clothes; Male Min dismisses sexism as 'feminist nonsense' via france 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking 
politics	exposed & defeated. 
politics	A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day - Presidential devotionals: A look at spiritual meditations that have... 
politics	No safe bets for Obama despite toned-down agenda via 
politics	Tea Party Republicans betrayed US: Obama - International Politics - NZ Herald News via 
politics	FG is stil playin politics with nigerians. takin d resolution 2 N'assembly wil not help matters cos dis is not d 1st tym 
politics	AAP and you are the new born babies of politics u will soon learn the things here then u will mere being good nt enough to win 
politics	Record number of school districts seek voters’ OK of bonds, overrides 
politics	Politics And Now the Blame Game 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrators Belgium politics ABC 
politics	The Obama polling that inspired Labour's cost of living offensive 
politics	Foreign Office hoarding 1m historic files in secret archive via >wonder what's here on ireland? 
politics	A really interesting interview with 
politics	It's funny when some of you say, "You know your Politics" 
politics	Missed chances to seal budget deal early News 
politics	POLITICA: SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's ro... AloPresidentaBr RT 
politics	Have to say is new breed. He has redefined crassness and gutter level language in Politics. 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities - KTVU San Francisco 
politics	Pls provide +ve vision in your speech instead of tu.... tu... mai... mai politics 
politics	SA politics loves conspiracy theories & hates responsibility if anything Vavi should be taking ownership 4 his actions of misconduct work 
politics	theGuardian and Daily mail saga politics 
politics	Most cretinoid minister of this government.| 'UK should adopt Asian culture of caring for the elderly'- Jeremy Hunt | 
politics	People discussing politics to family matters to talking abt food in shifa lobby people are so random 
politics	Bilawal is the new Taher shah of politics. 
politics	Paulus should have surrendered earlier, but war is about politics, people & passion not logic & reason. Stalingrad 
politics	Clubs are set on bringing politics into it, and although bryson is a tool, he's factually correct. 
politics	going to meet some of my friends..... Music_Politics 
politics	Tony Blair's son Euan (29) lavishes £3.6m on stunning marital home He's thought to be planning a career in politics 
politics	Oh, John Palino. Look at the bit about “unwanted propositions” coming right after “no comment to make” in this. 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrator Syria world sydney politics 
politics	INDEPENDENCE campaigners need to "go into attack" over the notion of British identity, former SNP leader Gordon... 
politics	Berlusconi band from politics for 2 years by Italian courts 
politics	State of law reveals the official position of Ahmed al - Maliki 
politics	not true.. it was planned it 2009.. but due to his commitments in politics, he didn't managed 
politics	The timing of discussion comes up all the time with each side crying foul on the other. All politics guilty. 
politics	Scottish National party conference: the descant of political reality, writes SNP13 indyref 
politics	the best solution is politics to change the law 
politics	Boom! Michael Portillo derails the train that was Andrew Mitchell hurtling into the nation's police station Plebgate 
politics	Its surely shown that and more... | Cyclone Phailin: Amid gloom and doom, Odisha shows 'can do' spirit 
politics	Government chooses confrontation: BNP Dhaka Bangladesh BanOnRally Politics Security DMP October25 
politics	Maybe if you weren't a nymphomaniac, you'd be mayor. 
politics	Good luck, Mr.President! 
politics	I don't know why I discuss politics with my cousin's wife. She posts shit that's so far to the Right, you have to "tab" over to read it. 
politics	Living standards crisis continues as pay falls by 2% 
politics	The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces he will not fight the next general election in 2015. 
politics	Presumptuous Politics via Design a product that doesn't work, force everyone to buy it! 
politics	Pell blames media 'smear' | 
politics	fighting, politics, religion, dislike of Facebook &amp; reading "David &amp; Goliath" by 
politics	Brian M. Hayden | Book Review – “Sliding on the Snow Stone” by Andy Szpuk politics poetry goodreads bynr 
politics	Hong Kong: Culture and the Politics of Disappearance (Public Worlds): The Culture of Hong Kong encompasses Jac... 
politics	Theravada Buddhism seeks mindful concentration 8NobleTruths politics is seen as potential escapism ~ from perfection of mindfulness 
politics	Revolution is only a determined act of Politics. 
politics	Gove: governments must stop lying to children about life chances 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX 
politics	The cult of celebrity is stripping politics of its dignity (... and the British people are the los... via 
politics	british said to people u think gandhi ji as saint but he is politicalperson it is true he was doing politics tobring bigchange 
politics	ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma if I could have it my way, this would not happen 
politics	YAY! Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda - a massive swing against the Liberal government auspol” 
politics	Maam, I do not know much abt politics. I just know that one should always choose what is right n what your conscience allows. 
politics	puke. True or not, Arnold should stick to acting: 
politics	The Right do everything in their power to worsen the divisions in society, but if the Left point it out... 
politics	DTN Taiwan: Justice must prevail over politics: Last week’s Double Ten National Day celebrations seem to have ... 
politics	BBC nyt politics 
politics	Latest News US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - Washington PostUS Rep. CW Bill ... BNews 
politics	Pakistani and Afghan Taliban vow to continue their 'struggle' - 
politics	Osborne wishes Britain would be more like the communist country China Osborne is a dangerous bellend & prize prat IMO 
politics	Portillo 'misspeaks' on pleb claims: Another Tory who didn't say PLEB It's not a word a posh boy would use 
politics	Love and Politics, evergreen bestsellers on Twitter. 
politics	Officials: Car bomb targeting street full of shoppers in Iraqi capital kills 6 people Woman politics News world 
politics	OpenFollow JFB Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chie... MustFollow 500ADAY 
politics	"What's your parliament like?" 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost reuters AP news Iraq Syria News sms sydney world CNN BBC politics egypt Woman 
politics	"The Unloved, the Unwated Garrison"...brilliant reading. Anthony and me were good friends 
politics	u r only against BJP. U r exposed, soon u will join the list of Mulayam, pawar, mamta who start politics against congress nd now 
politics	Laughed at a Gordon Brown joke about himself and the nature of politics. Well done sir. askgcc 
politics	Caste politics should end..ppl should start voting for right ppl and for the right reason ! Actor pawan Kalyan in TDP will def boost us.. 
politics	"Capitalism is an individualistic ideology, which assumes society to... 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration health Syria politics fail middleeast Headline 
politics	Would that it were that simple. 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstratio google sms Syria LeMonde iraq 
politics	We been workin' on faith! 
politics	PM's rush to the past may trigger unforseen future via 
politics	Summary of the entire situation? DOOMED. Oh the fun of politics. 
politics	Balls makes new challenge to Osborne to back OBR audits of party manifestos 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian regi health Syria politics 
politics	Uncertainty prevails in Maldives on poll eve - Politics Balla via 
politics	ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma ... Gotta love complacency. 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diplomat Woman BBC UN humanrights world Syria ABC politics 
politics	masters in politics a... 
politics	Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda - Sydney Morning Herald news 
politics	Faithful Politics via progressive politics & compassion - a counter narrative to Western secularism 
politics	UK Government 'sneaks out' hospital reform while England qualified for World Cup SaveNHS 
politics	Racism? You're an idiot. Why is it so difficult for you to admit that we simply detest his politics? 
politics	30 million people worldwide living in 'modern slavery', warns Global Slavery Index 
politics	Do you love your country? — yes but I hate the laws, hate education, hate politics, hate people, almost hate ev... 
politics	news politics technology Windows … 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities - KTVU San Francisco notgood 
politics	What an utter utter dick. 
politics	Commitment 2013: Alisal Union School District Area 5 
politics	*critique of politics* 
politics	Salmond says Yes vote would be act of national self-confidence 
politics	nice way to quit politics with so called Dignity :D 
politics	notw hacking SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparr... 
politics	“...bits that were great about British industry that we allowed to wither.” 
politics	Proud of the way Odisha Govt. managed Phailin disaster. They surely set an example for others to follow. 
politics	"RT Oh God. 'Minister wants boat people called illegals' 
politics	this is pure rubbish. The previous actions taken didn't yield much. They know it's all politics. 
politics	BB did not abuse IK 
politics	Photo:  2 cool 2 care {listen}; 1. Sex - The 1975 2. Harlem - New Politics 3. Henrietta - The Fratellis... 
politics	Foreign Office hoarding 1m historic files in secret archive via 
politics	Politics, Symbols And Political Theory: Rethinking Gandhi 
politics	Check out this article from BACK TO BUSINESS? Obama administration to restart White House tours: 
politics	Turkey : Agreement on long-range missile creation will be signed with China in late 2013 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide provin news politics humanrights CNN 
politics	CHINA Sees Its Money at Risk! says NO MORE LOANS! 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north News AP reuters sydney politics egypt UN news Iraq 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission News AP reuters sydney politics 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces he will not fig... 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Ira world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	How many US states are peninsulas? 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian regi world politics health 
politics	Knew this would happen: Pamela Wallin's lawyer threatens legal action over possible Senate suspension 
politics	Ha, even the BBC can see that jumpergate is a none-story the left are shamelessly jumping on. (cheers 
politics	more soundbite politics from the increasingly desperate & his luddite bunch - what's wrong with business class? 
politics	British citizens among those getting "Message from the UK Border Agency... You are required to leave the UK" texts 
politics	India-Pakistan ties likely to figure in Obama-Nawaz Sharif meeting 
politics	abcstudio : Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift: Shutdown showdown widened GOP-tea party rift... dnybm 
politics	Independence 'an act of self-belief' indyref bettertogether yesscotland yeswecan 
politics	How can we boost young ppl’s participation in politics? view DemocracySaturday” 
politics	UN Urged To Declare Canada's Treatment Of Aboriginals 'Genocide' - Huffington Post Canada 
politics	Kiran just chowkidar now ? 
politics	Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' or political self-interest - I get confused! 
politics	Britain’s courts are more dangerous to troops than Hitler, says senior judge 
politics	India's spy agency TSD was finishing off insurgents before politics killed it. Now infiltrators cross under Pak fire and India suffers. 
politics	Government 'sneaks out' hospital reform while England qualified for World Cup 
politics	Shooting leaves 18-year-old dead; suspect shot by area police - (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	Armenia and Argentina to set up textile company 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of... <--Full Story 
politics	America will stop fighting wrongful wars when it stops turning military men in to presidents! Politics USA Change 
politics	I do remember but if people feel it was fake then let's react. Politics at its peak. Politics shouldn't be on public stage 
politics	More like an act of 'self-disbelief' for this daft project: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	13 Things That Define the New American Center via 
politics	How Eton exam questions train and prepare the Power Elite. SickSadWorld” etonomy 
politics	【 Prison of Politics 】 ☆ Dr.Wang .. … … China Chinese NYC FF 
politics	Sick & twisted Koch brothers - States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	BBC News - SNP conference: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	I'm against TM for teaming up with bawani.she's a politicans.she must have somekind of agenda.I don't want outside politics to creep inside 
politics	Interesting question, indeed! RT Do adolescents need celebrities to be interested in politics? ybcvie 
politics	How would they determine a 'Wealthy pensioner' ? 
politics	Pakistani and Afghan Taliban vow to continue their 'struggle' 
politics	Rebates will swallow up as much as a third of money from council tax increases next year, leading local govern... 
politics	Round-up of some of most interesting columns from today's papers re SNP conference SNP13 - 
politics	Hehehe who leaked this Ferial letter though? Office politics sometimes."<she was mad af lol 
politics	I'm watching SOCO and today's episode is about a dad/barangay captain who was killed. This is why I hate politics. I'm so mad. 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages news politics humanrights CNN 
politics	Britain: "We're 'China' do it George!" 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Syria world sydney politics UN AP Belgium News Iraq ABC Woman CNN sms BBC 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	Maldives EC calls off re-vote after police intervene 
politics	A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day 
politics	Repeated Budget Battles Cost The U.S. $700 Billion Since 2010 | 
politics	What next for Norfolk incinerator after government pulls funding? 
politics	Weekly Address: Working Together on Behalf of the American People via 
politics	SE Wales: Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases: Rebates will swallow up as much as a third of money from council... 
politics	UK Foreign Office unlawfully hoarded 1.2 million "public" documents in secret archive via 
politics	Magna BSP of the company of Israel has managed the nuclear power plant of Japan. Economy ABC BBC CIA Politics 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages FOX sms egypt politics Syria 
politics	we all know the shady credibility of the CJ and how the whole issue was used for politics by pmln. 
politics	What on earth have we here: a BBC indyref article with comments enabled Interested to hear all of Salmond's speech. 
politics	Check out this article from OBAMACARE WORRIES Critics warn of weak checks on 'navigators': 
politics	ma'am ..how do u rate AAP politics style? .. 
politics	NaMo industry net worth may cross Rs 500 crore: Experts 
politics	robot-heart-politics: 
politics	A route-map to Labour’s revolution in apprenticeships 
politics	Commitment 2013: Alisal Union School District Area 2 
politics	Coffee Party Radio: Politics Done Right Their Destruction of America Not An Option Sat 12-2PM CST 
politics	Barton shopkeeper held up at gunpoint by robber - This is Gloucestershire (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	don't know. Its politics every rival has rights to write against opponents. Only few admires opponents 
politics	The person below knows nothing about politics. 
politics	Tony Blair's son Euan (29) lavishes £3.6m on stunning marital home .planning a career in politics 
politics	"Just because you do not take an interest in politics 
politics	I tell you Folks, all Politics is Brown Sauce. 
politics	Your Passion To Fight_ 
politics	youthparliament Wot mr Pavan Verma is stating hs relevance in 2day's politics &Well depicted in his Book Chanakya's New Manifesto 
politics	Politics means a game of management not of social welfare !!! 
politics	"Government–society rels. in South Korea and the evolution of environmental policy governance" Contemporary Politics 
politics	I think many of the narratives that informed radical politics have been twisted into rhetorical truncheons. 
politics	The shocking sexism of French politics and how women are fighting back. FFS France! 
politics	Millions are in need of Health Care and States Are Focus on Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	Skills over politics . 
politics	Politics and brand - "How to rebuild the Republican brand" ccpr brand republican BBC Merkel 
politics	Michael Gove learns no obvious lessons on Boston fact-finding trip via 
politics	Remembering Tom Foley 
politics	Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa allocates Rs 150 cr for developing Anna University infrastructure 
politics	what the fuck are you smoking? 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district world politics health LONDON 
politics	"Queers" is a no no now? The politics of language RT SC mayor targets Reisinger over gay marriage: 
politics	this is cowardice hang ur head in shame 
politics	Foreign Office hoarding 1m historic files in secret archive 
politics	(politics) Didn't I tell you it's not an American uniform that the white horseman wears?. You reap what you sow. 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China Osborne you are a prat and no mistake. 
politics	Back after the break and its time for the seniors to start their presentation on their UI. First up, Team Phoenix with Open Politics ygc2 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide province Syria world sydney politics 
politics	lol. Fuck politics. I'd rather panda pics. 
politics	See you 2015 
politics	The reason why social sites full of politics is because people spend more time on social sites rather than do some real 'SOCIAL' activities 
politics	Women MPs in France fed up as wave of sexism sweeps through politics 
politics	PM’s speech lacks clarity: Jatiya Party 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement via BBCNews news 
politics	He is unbelievable, politics by PR! BBC News - SNP conference: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	The best part is near the end where he blames the internet for losing the mayoral run 
politics	It's not just the economy that's London centric, politics and the media also are. Time to rebalance the UK? 
politics	The Abbott government fiddles while NSW burns Auspol LNPfail OneTermTony ClimateChange 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Ira sms politics sydney LONDON Euronews google 
politics	tonight we shall drink until our demands are met 
politics	film debate campaign politics 
politics	Here's a programme for politics nerds tonight - Sir Alec Douglas-Home in 1963. A more decent version of Cameron. 
politics	"in June 2012, the Supreme Court ruled that states could opt out of Medicaid expansion": 
politics	BBC News - Offer seat to pregnant women - Vince Cable 
politics	The Abbott government fiddles while NSW burns 
politics	If u manage to accomplish this through z negative role play of politics and corrupt leaders,your goal is totally reachable. 
politics	Photographer Captures ‘Smoke and Mirrors’ Surrounding Media and Politics in America photography arts 
politics	I usually like that I get to read norwegian papers at my parent's, but rn norwegian politics are so dumb I wish I didn't... 
politics	Cyclone Phailin: Amid gloom and doom, Odisha shows 'can do' spirit 
politics	can't be arsed mate. Too many politics, too time consuming and doesn't pay enough haha! 
politics	French Politics : Far-Left coalition Front de Gauche to vote (and maybe split) over alliances with the Socialists for the municipals. 
politics	setting4success The Battle Between Owners and Residents of Mobile-Home Parks Across America - Pacific Standard 
politics	twitter is not a place for : parents, teacher, family, politics. 
politics	I haven't a slightest clue about politics! 
politics	Breaking News SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling cov... The End 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddling Belgium politics ABC Syria 
politics	but u shold listen2 ppl.u shld take it as challenge.V need ppl like u in politics.if it wold b easy v would not request from u 
politics	The political headlines you may have missed this week via 
politics	Osborne praising communist China.He cannot even be the right kind of conservative against totalitarian ideology.No statesmen in UK politics 
politics	i have to write 2,5 pages about the politics today, fml. 
politics	I'll be tweeting from 's Englishness festival - exploring English culture, comedy, politics and sport. 
politics	parallel of Oz gov still trying to stop the right to claim asylum 
politics	Outrage over Mark, others rejection of N3bn quarters Maviews 
politics	ugly people either get in to showbiz or politics. tell me im wrong. 
politics	Infiltrating the sacred 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics 
politics	"Then why are you studying politics what r u gonna do with it?" 
politics	Is the party over for the EDL? with 
politics	Gove: We must stop lying to children about life chances 
politics	USwitch has just helped so many people to switch their energy supplier. Dear USwitch, please could you enter politics 
politics	EcoT 722 suspects rejoined terror groups after acquittal in Pakistan: A majority of the nearly 2,000 suspected... 
politics	The shamelessness of the energy companies shows why we need a price freeze 
politics	Indo-Canadian lawmaker cleared of conflict of interest charges - Politics Balla via 
politics	How leadership can rise above office politics | SmartBlogs 
politics	The most controversial Newsnight decision since Jeremy Paxman's beard: 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north News Belgium Syria Breaking politics newsfeed health 
politics	What jumper policy? It was fabricated by the Daily Mirror You're embarrassing yourself and your party 
politics	solution, reverse the cuts & open not close things! BBC News - Jeremy Hunt highlights plight of 'chronically lonely' 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort Like in Homeland? Lol. 
politics	Shutdown begins as Congress remains deadlocked - NBC Politics: politics 
politics	who is this ? Renuka madam what do u know politics 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort - Fox News 
politics	Pamela Wallin's lawyer threatens Senate legal action 
politics	Happy Champions Day everyone. Let's leave the politics and debate to one side for the afternoon and just revel in the action. 
politics	US Rep. Bill Young remembered as military supporter, worker for his Fla. constituents 
politics	The only thing more boring than politics is your opinion about it,#waywardaughter_ Sorry but as pessimistic as this soun 
politics	Your simplistic 'reasoning' isn't matched by evidence, unfortunately. 
politics	So.... if we lie to the government, it's a felony. But if they lie to us its politics. 
politics	I'm so in love with the New Politics tonightyoureperfect 
politics	Is this politics?" rugby? Nope... Its a sport played by 15 men against another 15.. 
politics	Politics and Boxing. My biggest No-No's 
politics	In Texas they still love Ted Cruz | Very good piece from 
politics	Pakistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Govt plans several development schemes for youth 
politics	POLITICS & CURRENT EVENTS - FREE - Young Women and Sexuality, Notes for a Generation (Wise Woman Series) 
politics	Imperative News Post Politics Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
politics	Bid for loans to help deprived areas | BBC 
politics	Ted Cruz Not Looking for '99 New Friends' in the Senate via 
politics	A look at devotionals that start Obama's day: Each morning for the past five years, before most... Via daily star 
politics	Shouldn't be :/ He is needed in Politics Not in media 
politics	Looking forward to speaking at labwomenchartercymru launch at Connah's Quay this morning -supporting women in politics 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian region world politics 
politics	when you've lost HuffPo... 
politics	Why does The Children and Families Bill fall so short on disabled children's rights? 
politics	Person: I call myself 'queer' rather than bi or pan sexual because of politics. 
politics	oho. Weathertards in Bangalore deserve far worse though. 
politics	Italy court hands Berlusconi 2-year ban from public office 
politics	why? I think they could be kind of ok.. Anyway, it's pure politics. It would be the best match for both a.t.m.. 
politics	Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith (The Arizona Republic): Share With Friends: | | Top News - Po... 
politics	Also, Dick Cheney watches Homeland? 
politics	hey mr or ms, I was being specific about the controversies surrounding the Nigerian women in politics in this dispensation ok! 
politics	Fantastic article 
politics	no one want to join politics they are compelled so r u ask people not ur opinion matters now bcoz india want this now 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddli FOX sms egypt politics Syria 
politics	The real Tommy Robinson? via he loves me, he loves me not, he loves me, he loves me not 
politics	Minnesota will have seats at the table while farm bill is negotiated 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn dea News AP reuters sydney politics 
politics	In the news: 30 million people worldwide living in 'modern slavery', warns Global slavery Index -... endslavery 
politics	Roxas tells mayors: No politics in helping quake victims via ANC Alerts 
politics	I do know who Voted for Boehner in the House & I see it's all Politics. Ask your Rep will they Petition to Remove Boehner. Gowdy Won't 
politics	Justi… 
politics	Philippine politics is hopeless not anymore interested to vote. barangayelection 
politics	(1/2) Barry Collier won back Miranda with massive swing back. Parties often 'want' to lose seats....#auspol 
politics	I was referring to my mother who underwent a surgery , no politics in that. Couldn't digest ur tweet that day. 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district sms Syria politics tcot 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement | BBC 
politics	'Thailand is suffering from corruption disease' 
politics	It's more a cumulation of voices than a site w/ a leading voice but there are def politics expressed 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north FOX sms egypt politics Syria health, News LONDON 
politics	I will be massively tweeting today from wedding to Ellen, so apols to anyone following me for politics! 
politics	Snowden leaks: David Cameron says MPs could investigate the Guardian - video via 
politics	Foreign Office unlawfully hoarded more than a million “public” documents in secret archive by v 
politics	PM’s speech lacks clarity: JatiyaParty Bangladesh Politics Election AllpartyGovernment Caretakergovernment 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal News politics health LONDON 
politics	Independence 'an act of self-belief' no it isn't it's act of bitterness and idiocy 
politics	yup caste still d big matter in UP specially,UP is IITJEE or can say UPSC of politics 
politics	SA politics has become voting personal crossing than a organisational party crossing ballot. 
politics	Florida US Rep. Bill Young dies at 82 
politics	thts a lie n political jealous of note. Juju made Anc politics to be fashionable wth young ppl.he rise the bad! That's Fact! 
politics	Gove really knows how to make you feel shit about yourself … 
politics	Propaganda & Politics: George Orwell's 'Notes on Nationalism' - via 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - YMDLU 
politics	Did he mean he'll change party? RT 'If we aren't able to control mafia, I'll quit politics,' says Kalyan Singh at Kanpur rally" 
politics	After boycotting eTolls I propose we ALL boycott SABC licenses. 
politics	If uk is 2nd rate Osborne its because of cretins like you selling off stuff that wasn't yours to sell 
politics	How can we boost young ppl’s participation in politics? shares his view: DemocracySaturday 
politics	Dinosaurs Cure For What Ails Washington Politics — Man vs. World 49 via 
politics	yeah vj wont come to politics...thts true 
politics	The Atlas Shrugged Guy is back: The chronicles of a man unhappy with America 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration world politics Belgium tcot middleeast Headline 
politics	Minnesota will have seats at the table while farm bill is negotiated: 3 state Democrats joined a panel that will... 
politics	lol family politics...angizingeni lezo 
politics	Arab Spring haj pilgrims talk politics despite heavy security 
politics	West London Tories preparing for more demolition of and eviction from affordable homes 
politics	well said 
politics	That's probably why I lost respect towards college, religions, politics, this country, etc. Not viewing as a pessimist, more as a realist. 
politics	DMP ban on meetings, rallies - 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China SO SAYS THIRD RATE OSBORNE 
politics	You Politics are a nasty game"<~Politricks" 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission Belgium politics ABC egypt Woman 
politics	young and passionated blood needs to come into politics in pakistan so we can get rid of fam politics. 
politics	JPOST Turkey says Israel behind campaign to smear Erdogan's intel chief via 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace los News AP reuters sydney politics egypt UN news Iraq sms world BBC Syria Belgium 
politics	no more mcshane politics lessons this term or philosophy either 
politics	in 3D  politicalscientistandobservers  
politics	Not ready to be Tory fall guy: Pamela Wallin's lawyer threatens Senate legal action 
politics	You can still make a difference without being interested in politics ybcvie 
politics	Did you know? 
politics	frying pan to the fire: Diepsloot residents vow to vote for EFF: 
politics	Excellent proof he doesn't read! ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	Sharp and relevant - on y conservatism politics needs to chill! US Obamacare 
politics	newsupdate Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank... bbc news bbcupdat 
politics	What msg wd send out NaMoInKanpur ? Wd he b able to get UP out of the politics of caste & religion. I sincerely hope so ... 
politics	Margaret Thatcher quote: "I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph." 
politics	'Give us charge for 1 year. If we aren't able to control the mafia here, I'll quit politics,' says former UP CM Kalyan Singh at Kanpur rally 
politics	The political class is finally waking up to the youth unemployment crisis … 
politics	A2 Econ. East Coast rail 'sales pitch leaked' privitisation f584 
politics	guardian: SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of the... 
politics	Politics Iraq bomber targets ice cream shop - ROUGH CUT - NO REPORTER NARRATION At least five people were killed a... 
politics	Sex slave? No! They were Korean Prostitute! WashingtonPost politics Economist 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog - The Guardian 
politics	BBC Scotland N East Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, annou... 
politics	Right really not about change; just talking about change 
politics	Carlos Danger was Quoted "I said Lick my Erection, Not ruin my Election" Indeed The Weiner is Out, of Politics 
politics	Bernie Sanders tells Ed Schultz: Southern Democrats are tired of being abandoned by the party 
politics	Officials Laud Release of Nine Lebanese Pilgrims Lebanon Politics 
politics	Flap over Santa Clara University's decision on abortions continues 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran Syria health tcot politics newsfeed 
politics	French women leaders jeered in the Nat'l Assembly for their dress sexism feminisms france clothes via 
politics	So says EFF! ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma We are voting Agang come 2014 
politics	Kej… 
politics	States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law Attempted anarchy by certain states = tone of our Civil War! 
politics	Maldives Election Commission calls off re-vote after police intervention 
politics	Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, diagnosinI dont really care if your avi isnt you, Sometimes I u 
politics	1922 Tory MP's conspire to bring down Lloyd George. In politics friend are just enemies waiting for an opportunity. 
politics	Live now: SNP conference live blog by on Alex Salmond's speech SNP13 indyref 
politics	CETA Canada-EU free trade deal to extend drug patents by 2 years if there were delays in the drug approval process 
politics	CW Bill Young, Longtime Florida Congressman, Dies at 82 - New York Times 
politics	Tim Skubick: Will Michigan's 5 US Reps face consequences after... 
politics	inequality 
politics	ours are 24/7, not that i'd know or make any use of that politics 
politics	Hunt highlights plight of the lonely 
politics	Oduahs N255m car scandal: Were searching for those who leaked story  FG Maviews 
politics	Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief - Jerusalem Post 
politics	His analogy about airlines is hilarious. Especially when he's telling us teachers don't need training. 
politics	Los Angeles Councilman Sued By Staffer For Sexual Harassment, Admits He ... - Fox News Latino 
politics	What's wrong with first class travel if it's cheaper? Knicker-twisting over nothing. 
politics	Julius malema politics political statement… 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement BBC 
politics	via Q&A: Van Jones on Hosting 'Crossfire' and Getting Along With Newt: In the last five years Va... 
politics	More information on CETA: Canada-EU trade deal by the numbers 
politics	Controversial new group meets to steer F1 future; small teams feel excluded 
politics	People like u r very much needed in politics, u wud hv inspired so many others as well ! clean & committed ppl dont come why? 
politics	Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington Why wdn't we? He stands on principle, RINOs don't! 
politics	I'm not even one for politics most of the time, but i'm pretty sure this is all types of terrifying 
politics	cspanchat aca 
politics	Obama, Dems Are Unified Now but Face Tough Tests - ABC News Obama 
politics	i have refilled the bitterness sacs in my heart cavity with pure politics 
politics	Six things the government has told us to do this week via 
politics	Ashbygate at Northwind 
politics	Conservatives Accept Challenge from Obama to "Win an Election" 
politics	Only God CN judge me but I can tell u right now no Christian has the "right" to tell me to "rot in hell" cuz of my politics I'd rather hell 
politics	Government is Playing Politics with ‘Allah’ - By Kee Thuan Chye 
politics	Gove says 'inflated' GCSE figures were used in past to tell pupils they could go to university or get skilled work 
politics	jerseyshore jersey De Blasio agrees with Bloomberg on big soda ban 
politics	Taliban vows to continue their 'struggle' 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diploma ABC AP sydney world egypt uk FOX BBC politics CNN 
politics	BBC News/UK:- Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases 
politics	Hard to believe & yet in this country gap between rich & poor smallest in a generation. 
politics	'Unfair': Marine's career in jeopardy despite role exposing Afghan insider threat | Fox News via 
politics	Modi: For a decade, v saw d work of d 'Dirty Team'. v now wnt a 'Dream Team' tht ll take India to newer heights! - On Politics NaMoInKanpur 
politics	It's not always about tribal politics. Great piece from about 
politics	lol, no, we follow each other. He's a very interesting bloke, for his life experience and his politics, not just the rugby. 
politics	SNP conference: the descant of political reality | Martin Kettle 
politics	↩ Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases: Rebates will swallow up as much as a third of money from co... thisiswales 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Ira Syria ABC politics AP egypt world reuters 
politics	The worst ties came out for the Government Shutdown: 
politics	or whom talked with whom, already there are things in professionalism way, NATO used with no politics even USA+ 
politics	an excellent campaign by and one I hope a pioneering independent Scotland will adopt 
politics	Michael Moore turned down chance to resign Cabinet post 
politics	Truth! ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	In war wind-down, veterans' new mission is college 
politics	Two wrongs don't ever make a right is all I'm saying. Sport is just that, politics should stay away. 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district sms politics sydney LONDON 
politics	When McConnell gets the 3 Billion for his district the ppl go crazy and it wins him another term in Senate. 
politics	Trump contribution to Pam Bondi's re-election draws more scrutiny to her fundraising 
politics	Politics are a nasty game 
politics	Bomb near Syrian Capital Kills 16 MiddleEast Politics 
politics	Speaker Silver hasn’t spoken to disgraced friend Rapfogel: The Assembly Speaker said Friday that he hasn't tal... 
politics	FFS. George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude 
politics	Hell, they banned Carpenter and sidelined Gordon Cooper, Jerri had no chance, politics of the day, sad 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world politics Belgium tcot middleeast 
politics	$1.5 m Nanotech park to open on Monday via 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude wants UK be like China & Thatcher? 
politics	politics GRACE 
politics	As I predicted the provinces like what they see in the Canada-EU free trade agreement while voicing concerns on... 
politics	Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief: Turkish daily Hurriyet quotes intel... 
politics	"Jumpergate" - the story that never really existed, but created a lot of amusement: 
politics	or RIP the idiots who want these kind of leaders & Democracy pakistani politics in action 
politics	No historical basis for Michael Collins as latter-day ‘macho man’ via 
politics	oh wow Amin, Alisha wants to talk politics and all the countries that hate US hmmmm 
politics	News Labour MP Doran announces retirement Vía 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diploma Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics News reuters AP news 
politics	Instead of Sacking the Minister, they got her involved in dx car scandal. Now, she must resign. I love politics!!!!!!! 
politics	these ppl have a simplistic, racist, dogmatic view of the world based on identity politics. Arguing is impossible 
politics	'[SNP's focus] all about defending sense Scotland is last bastion of 1945 welfare state nation' - Kettle vg on SNP13 
politics	ring any bells. 
politics	EcoT BSF foils infiltration bid in Samba, intruder killed: Border troops today foiled an infiltration bid alon... 
politics	RE PROPAGANDA POLITICS BEING PHASED OUT BY THIS GENERATION? THE KUSA REVOLUTION. via 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district Syria ABC politics AP egypt 
politics	"Salmond: Yes vote would be act of Scots' self-confidence", also from - indyref snp13 
politics	Politics and serving in government should never be a career choice but it's a calling - it's rooted in service and dedication to giving back 
politics	Best of luck to GLA Assembly member Murad Qureshi in today's PPC selection . Great candidate. Great politics 
politics	6 Things You Need to Know About Next DHS Head, Whistleblower Dream Team & Etiquette for Idiots 
politics	Source:Desh Gujarat 
politics	PamelaWallin threatening legal action against a Conservative move She should be thrown out of office! cndpoli 
politics	Democrats Aim to Restore Immigration to Agenda: Mr. Obama raised the issue in his first comments after lawmake... 
politics	I have another midterm in International Politics on Friday 😕 
politics	sciencefangirl: cavesofaltamira: amydentata: 
politics	small selection of clubs have politics intertwined in them, I personally don't favour this. Vast majority of clubs are neutral 
politics	A psychological history of the NSA Snowden 
politics	.quick update for saturday readers. How the law says its OK for undercover police to use sex as a surveillance tool: 
politics	Jules was too naive about mental illness to know much about it unless it appeared before her in its churning,... 
politics	As an admirer of you I started doubting that! I would have loved to see you in politics at least we get an honest politician! 
politics	GOPH… 
politics	Travis Rowley: Cruz-ing Past Whitehouse - GoLocalProv - WorldUSNews 
politics	I served on this FOB in '09--> MT Marine's career in jeopardy despite role exposing Afghan insider threat 
politics	never back stabed anyone. Its the need of the hour for fair and transparent politics which is started by AAP 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost UN reuters egypt News AP Iraq news humanrights ABC politics sydney Syria sms 
politics	It really pisses me off when my peers say their to young to care about politics. 
politics	I respect your decision. But, you can express conditional support to parties. dont alienate urself from politics.  
politics	‘If no-one floats your boat, it’s time to spoil your vote’ - Derry Journal 
politics	Most people don't have close relatives that are interested in politics or economics,etc-- good that you have common interests. 
politics	PM's rush to the past may trigger unforseen future via auspol ausnews republic 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost BBC UN Belgium sydney politics reuters sms ABC humanrights Woman News Syria 
politics	entitlements 
politics	huge only in north korea - kim jong il tee shirt Zazzle politics 
politics	im really annoyed that i have to do a politics essay on my birthday  
politics	...account, I feel. Worried that for most people "faith school" will mean "non-Christian" and is the stuff of dog whistle politics 3/3 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide province world BBC politics Woman 
politics	That way no one should enter politics. Just have ideal views at coffee table & twitter. Then blame the political class. 
politics	GOsborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ Simon says, not GOsborne. Kill rhino for their horns, abuse workers? 
politics	35 crew members arrested from arms-laden US ship - Business Standard 
politics	US Rep. Bill Young remembered as military supporter, worker for his Fla. constituents News on the Hour 
politics	Gun rights rally to break century-long Alamo tradition 
politics	Jumpergate - the story that wasn't. It relies on the Tory strategy "repeat a lie often & it will b believed. 
politics	"what was sauce for the Catholic goose must be sauce for the Provo gander" 
politics	Crazy like a fox. Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington, via 
politics	‘We’ll help cut fuel bills’ pledges Nicola Sturgeon 
politics	Ha! Yes. Interesting situation now is that DA is ascendant, ANC in decline but still dominant. Tense politics. 
politics	This is Art of Almost all Sectors,Even in Journalism Art of Politics: Buy the frustration, sell the hope,pocket the difference. 
politics	Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it whether it exists Just Saying Song  3 on the New Jay-Z Album M 
politics	Work politics totally sucks! 
politics	:Joining electoral politics like religion is a very personal & individual choice.Being 'apolitical' in time of Rev.is irresp.? 
politics	Modiji kanpur rally will bring changes in UP politics in coming days.. bjp may win 40+ seats in UP in loksabha poll..Congressmuktbharat NAMO 
politics	you should be criticising the Tories so they improve -instead you just go straight over the cliff 
politics	The young pay a heavy price for the support given to the elderly via politicsteacher 
politics	UK SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog 
politics	Blair Junior going into politics. I wonder if he will turn out to be as big a cunt as his dad. 
politics	The actual Distribution of Wealth in the US is not what most people think it is | Skeptical Science - 
politics	‘Hlaudi Motsoeneng canned The Big Debate’ 
politics	"New " adopts insidious USA porkbarrel politics of judging Government capital funding by net effect on Ashby-de-la-Zouch kmt 
politics	"All he's done is exonerate himself for the extremism in the EDL - not even admit that he's a former extremist." 
politics	t'was called "moving images: the practices and politics of displaying family photographs" - visual anthropology phd few years bak 
politics	So, if we lie to the government, it's a felony. But if they lie to us its politics." 
politics	The Tories' "spare room subsidy" muddle 
politics	BACK TO BUSINESS?Obama administration to restart White House tours 
politics	Berlusconi gets two-year ban from politics: Rome (AFP) - An Italian appeals court on Saturday ordered a two-ye... 
politics	JusticeForBenghazi4 Robert Gates: Obama made right decisions night of Benghazi attack 
politics	Independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	Politics aside he was a good local member. Always in badgering ministers for his constituents. 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world AP reuters iranelection politics 
politics	NowWatching the brilliant Ian Richardson in the British version of House of Cards. Too many resonances to Indian politics! 
politics	Q&amp;A: Van Jones on Hosting &#39;Crossfire&#39; and Getting Along With Newt: 
politics	Wisconsin colleges considering whether to include e-cigarettes in ...: Wisconsin colleges considering whether ... 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran sms politics sydney LONDON Euronews 
politics	What Liddle seems to forget is that we are already living in an "us and them" society. We can't just ignore that. 
politics	"Don't waste your time with politics, he said. Just chase girls instead. Life is too short and you're almost dead, he said." 
politics	There's a day shift opening at work. I kinda wanna apply but I hate dealing w all the politics and management 
politics	Have you heard this mixtape recorded by 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal Woman politics News world 
politics	Colleges to merge in radical restructuring of teacher training | 
politics	The Democracy - What is politics 
politics	Suspected Car Thief Accused Of Shooting Sheriff's Department K-9 Dies From ... - CBS Local (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	Labour could boost spending by £20bn, say Fabians via 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	motivosjorge 
politics	when u started politics? 
politics	Climate scientists predict that South Florida will be underwater by the end of the century climatechange Florida 
politics	Michael Gove learns no obvious lessons on Boston fact-finding trip 
politics	Interview with in Times. Good article about feminism and politics, shame about the question about blue stocking or fishnets 
politics	Jumpergate - the story that wasn't 
politics	Before launching Bilawal in active politics, PPP should consider Aseefa or Bakhtawar as option, Bilawal is a political comedian. 
politics	Politics 😫 
politics	Rok sako toh rok Angry with current political system, youth rush to volunteer for Kejriwal's AAP 
politics	Sweet! abbywambach usasoccer soccer#futbol 
politics	: BACK TO BUSINESS?Obama administration to restart White House tours: Stopgap funding b... dnybm" 
politics	lol I find more interesting watching tv shows then tv or movies in general. All that politics and Environmental issues, i cant 
politics	TheQuotesJungle quotes__x WonderQuotes_ HeyThatsSoTrue Adolchet convo to politics, Such a plethora of information 
politics	Clerical Whispers: Sectarianism 'alive and well' in Dublin, says Church of Ireland archbishop | 
politics	Tomorrow I'll be posting lots of resources on the context of austerity politics. Sadly, there's a lot out there. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking google 
politics	Or politics for that matter. 
politics	Private rent controls backed by cross-party committee 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking google 
politics	The Saturday Morning Post: Quick hits on politics & more in RI 
politics	Amnesty bill change by panel 'to benefit' Thaksin - The Nation via 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking 
politics	“SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog“ ScottishIndependence Theguardian.com Bl... 
politics	HUFF POST - No winner for $50 million Lotto Max jackpot or two Maxmillions prizes 
politics	Marshall already had Abbott make the Darlington section priority - politics. Seats. Still trying to hoodwink voters with min detail 
politics	People use your swedes & reject small minded parochial, xenophobic politics of SNP plaidcymru EDLP UKIP BNP. Dangerous one & all 
politics	1/2 In my opinion if u r in politics then u can serve more .... country need Kiran Bedi !!people like u who can eradicate 
politics	Music, Cosmology, and the Politics of Harmony in Early China (SUNY series in Chinese Philosophy and Culture): ... 
politics	Shutdown showdown widened GOP-tea party rift 
politics	Foreign Office hoarding 1m historic files in secret archive. A culture of secrecy. RT 
politics	San Francisco Chronicle: Obama, Dems are unified now but face tough tests politics 
politics	FCO "secret archive" incredibly interesting to historians & political scientists - 6.02m of 'Rhodesia' files alone! 
politics	On the contrary - Labour created them. Tories plan to increase competition... 
politics	Noel Sheppard to Bette Midler: 'Keep Your Mouth Shut' About Politics via 
politics	Politics as paternalistic feudalism: Rahul Gandhi invokes Mummy for a change, rather than Daddy or 
politics	Rancho Malibu Hotel, 146 rooms, 543 parking spaces: 
politics	In our country alcohol comes first. Example - kfoctoberfest2013 trending ahead of Cricket in Mohali , Politics in Kanpur , Gold & Diwali 
politics	Category error. Clear distinction between great truths of art and literature and half-truths posing as facts in politics. 
politics	you really don't get the politics of this. Bet Labour are hoping the Tories are as politically naive as you appear to be. 
politics	Robert Gates: Obama made right decisions night of Benghazi attack 
politics	Grangemouth talks: Both sides remain deadlocked - Top stories - The Scotsman 
politics	If we lie to the government, it's a crime. If they lie to us its politics.” 
politics	Have you checked out the FIRST EVER Ingenious Britain podcast? We talked about small businesses & politics, + more... 
politics	You walk away trying to wash away the pain np 
politics	The cult of celebrity is stripping politics of its dignity (... and the ... - Daily Mail 
politics	Commie money, not commie politics!!-George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude 
politics	U.S. soccer star Abby Wambach says her recent marriage to teammate not about politics. 
politics	Thank you for giving me +K about Politics! 
politics	Indonesia needs people like Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart to make fun of politics. Comic relief man, we're sick. 
politics	I don't wanna talk bout politics anymore till I'm on the same corridor with those rogues then I can set up my own team so we flush em out. 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diplom News politics health LONDON Belgium Headline newsfeed 
politics	Religion and politics..... is it right? gijnewmedia 
politics	I have taken leave from talking politics for the next 3 weeks, to make my leave from Political commentary to be 8 weeks. I will be back 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on google sms Syria LeMonde iraq 
politics	Politics News: Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith 
politics	The Atlantic: American Politics Deserves to Be Downgraded. 
politics	Pacific Women in Politics 
politics	Boris and George, a pair of Chinese characters via HOW COULD ANYONE VOTE FOR THESE GOONS VOTE KIP 
politics	True! I felt v.empowered when I read. began to notice many an 'unconstitutional' thing in KE politics+life. Look forward to meet! 
politics	Osborne on optimism and can-do (cc 
politics	I'm not interested in politics 
politics	UN Security Council passes resolution supporting women Woman politics News world Syria egypt humanrights 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran world politics Belgium tcot middleeast Headline News 
politics	Vote YES, Even George Osbourne thinks Britain is second rate. 
politics	Boris and George, a pair of Chinese characters via 
politics	The Eton Scholarship Question: this is how the British elite are trained to think 
politics	Funding surges to group that backed budget showdown 
politics	It not about politics.. it is about ur country.. make me think twice.. 
politics	my intention for u join politics is that u can inspire to make big beginning in politics start as indepedent but start 
politics	Understanding Islam In Indonesia Politics And Diversity Robert Pringle 
politics	Imran khan among...The top 9 world leaders of 2012 via - 
politics	You have an obligation to d country. If U can fight then U should !! Pls get into politics, honest people like you are needed! 
politics	Lib Dems to veto Tory plans to send controversial ‘go home’ vans nationwide 
politics	For all the cretins RTing this... Even the BBC can see this isn't a genuine story. 
politics	Did I mention that all those thinking only the Left side of politics had deep problems just don't get what is happening? Because they don't. 
politics	You instruct us to write our opinions about politics and religion then you expect that it'll be short, SRSLY? 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Syria reuters AP world News UN humanrights Belgium Iraq CNN Woman politics 
politics	Demand investigation of antichoice judge who put personal politics above young woman's welfare. Sign the petition: 
politics	I am at Schaudenfreude Cabaret in Kings X tonight. Shouting jokes about politics 
politics	Ppl of UP seriously need to think as to who can lead them into politics of development & away from caste & Religious divide... NaMoInKanpur 
politics	Tech websites not normally associated with politics such as Techdirt Ars and Reddit played huge role in galvanizing interest in SOPA PIPA. 
politics	How world politics, funding shape the operations of ICC 
politics	so i was burning one after work w/ a union electrician talking bumper sticker politics. I missed my calling as a collective bargainer. 
politics	Address real issues like corruption, development, criminal in politics,jobs, inflation&food inflation, lal battis 
politics	'The targeting of immigrants by the UK govt is driven by politics not necessity' - James Dornan MSP 
politics	Rich always rich and poor always poor..this is the Present formula in India it never change..unless politics change... 
politics	Drinkies tonight at Sidmouth ConClub! G&Ts and golf club politics. Classic mix. 
politics	Previously_on_radiomidas: Decency still has a place in our politics – President Mahama 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran world AP reuters iranelection politics 
politics	In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.Winston Churchill 
politics	Ophthalmologist or obstetrician? A new Obamacare issue in California 
politics	Sex abuse support group lists 99 cases of church failure | 
politics	The man who HATES Britain 
politics	SUIT: Cops mistook JOLLY RANCHERS for meth rocks...: SUIT: Cops mistook JOLLY RANCHERS for met... politics news 
politics	Book Review, "Statesman: The Politics of Limits and the Liminal" Contemporary lessons from Plato 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages News politics health LONDON 
politics	Imam Obama Bans the words 'Islam' & 'Jihad' From National Security Strategy Document 
politics	He has not entered direct politics,He is serving party as yet another Karyakartha.! TDP's cadre vl choose wat next! 
politics	C. W. “Bill” Young, longest-serving Republican in the House, dies at 82 (Washington Post): Share With Friends:... 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddling News politics health LONDON 
politics	Photo: je-te-plumerai: jackpowerx: rampagey: amydentata: robot-heart-politics: GOP Politician Tweets That... 
politics	Obama, Dems Are Unified Now but Face Tough Tests via NewzSocial 
politics	SAcorrupt, Diepsloot residents pledge to vote EFF: 
politics	Salmond: Yes vote would be act of Scots' self-confidence | Herald Scotland via 
politics	- three of the worst people to have lined up against you in Australian politics. 
politics	FREE ! The 12th century America alive with action, politics and love - Two Rivers, The Peacemaker Trilogy book1 
politics	Boats are still coming but will be stopped, Abbott says But we just won't tell you when they arrive. 
politics	Andy Burnham: Labour govt will repeal coalition's controversial healthcare legislation in 1st year of taking power 
politics	Lib Dems 'tend to veer to left like a faulty trolley' & 'may become just protest party again' says sacked minister: 
politics	C. W. “Bill” Young, longest-serving Republican in the House, dies at 82 
politics	Who brought us down to this level Mr. Austerity? >Osborne: ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its can do attitude 
politics	And FakeItEasy gave jobs to 6000Crore peop… 
politics	bank politics played by so called secularists parties 
politics	BBC : Labour MP Doran announces retirement 
politics	Wow! Minister claims to be honest  Next up, David Willetts? 
politics	Arizona AG again found to have violated campaign law via 
politics	Is the party over for the EDL? 
politics	water shortage in building & building politics ruining it even more. 
politics	HS2 will be delivered on time railnews 
politics	The path ahead for GOP 
politics	Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics. -Aristotle 
politics	In the land of the blind the one-eyed man is king .. Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington 
politics	GOP Politician Tweets That Transgender P… 
politics	Onscreen Headlines Seemingly Blame GOP for Obamacare Website Problems – Want to Guess Which Network? 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of the SNP confe... 
politics	♡ > The most controversial Newsnight decision since Jeremy Paxman's beard: 
politics	and middle level; ml coincided w their retirement from politics/profs/burcrcy 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district world politics Belgium tcot 
politics	have to disagree. ACT teachers get more support than ever before. Teachers leave due to bullying and politics. 
politics	When somebody lies to you more than 3 times it becomes POLITICS DNAmashupFreestyle" 
politics	BBC News/UK:- SNP pledges energy bill cut post Yes 
politics	Tom Foley, 'an unusually civil politician,' dies: SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) — Tom Foley was born in 1929, the year o... 
politics	NEW POLITICS - harlem nowplaying 
politics	Osborne calls for Britain to become more like China - I didn't think we'd make a communist out of our chancellor 
politics	he attacks everyone, we never did this 
politics	First time in the history of 
politics	Bernie Sanders independent Vermont U.S. senator | Playboy Interview 
politics	War heats up between Lockheed Martin and Boeing in bid to replace Canada’s fighter jets 
politics	Bringing History to Economics! 
politics	Politics were shite, everything was over the top and camp. Only decent music really was in the late 80s going on to the 90s. 
politics	And some say ICC is 
politics	Lesson learned - rest is as, if not more, important than studying. Rest is also something that doesn't relate to politics in any way. 
politics	‘I feel that my generation of feminists dropped the ball’ - talks to & 
politics	Politics ruins the character. -- Otto von Bismarck 
politics	Iwo Jima, the Navy Cross and a Local Connection - Government - Crofton, MD Patch 
politics	Alex Salmond: vote for Scottish independence is act of self-belief via 
politics	u may raise fingers on political acuman, party policies & stance of IK.but plz admit atleast politics is not business for him 
politics	NEW 'HOMELAND' HEAD COMES FROM PENTAGON... Approved Drone Strikes, Terror Attacks... 
politics	"I think it is so important to listen to teachers in the classroom." "Mmm," said Gove, politely. 
politics	Coalgate: CBI isn't done, to launch own FIR serial on India Inc 
politics	She is looking for the light into so much darkness in politics and economy world passengers… 
politics	A day of politics, tv shows, sleeping and coffee 
politics	jerseyshore jersey Speaker Silver hasn’t spoken to disgraced friend Rapfogel 
politics	Politics Cuccinelli Delivers Weekly GOP Address: Obamacare Was Broken Before It Started 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes o Breaking sydney News egypt health, politics 
politics	Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda via 
politics	SNP conference – Alex Salmond’s speech: Politics live blog... 
politics	Madam , we never want you to commit to any ideology. Can't you join electoral politics with limited goal of public service? 
politics	BBC News - Lib Dems 'tend to veer left like a faulty trolley', says ex-minister 
politics	I didn't know Tinubu's wife was into politics. 
politics	I just fold my hands dey observe Naija politics 
politics	British politics needs to exit my life to the left. 
politics	Guidance to MSM for today.#politics 
politics	Marketing concept speaks that a product can only be sold if it is a quality product and is backed by demand. 
politics	Democracy is about choice. For too many times, for too long we have been deprived and robbed of this fundamental... 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds news politics humanrights CNN 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities: The San Jose Police Officer's Association on Friday... 
politics	Salmond wants ‘act of national self-confidence’ - Edinburgh Evening News: 
politics	TDP finds fault with Jagan meeting Governor 
politics	Boris and George prostrated themselves before the new Chinese Empire, desperate to snaffle some dosh. Nauseous. 
politics	Future of Pakistani Politics will be More Fun than any Comedy Program! Next Elections will witness BILAWAL's... 
politics	I hope and wamesikia 
politics	Historic day for NSWpol.Today FRNSW firefighters/#FBEU members made a huge dent in NSW politics, and the Libs are rattled. They should be. 
politics	Who is the real Tommy Robinson? via 
politics	via 
politics	Maldives police block attempt at presidential vote 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission world sydney politics UN AP 
politics	Gideon Osborne never had to have a can do attitude - he was just born into ridiculous wealth. He just plays at politics too 
politics	TNA87Percenter Just looked at it, What about it?ot capable; for in politics there is no honour, ~Benjamin Disraeli 
politics	Michael Gove learns no obvious lessons on Boston fact-finding trip via Gove dunce 
politics	politics news 
politics	Ummm wouldn't it be worrying, I study Government and Politics, I'm required to :/ 
politics	First face your Scindia who has kicked you out from MP politics. Forget debating wd next PM. You don't deserve that ! 
politics	Obama's Shrinking Second-Term Plans | WSJ Politics YouTube News 
politics	Sanity Caucus vs. Kamikaze Caucus: A Cheat Sheet for the GOP Civil War - David Rohde - The Atlantic 
politics	when you start using Bryson as a source,you loose all creditably.It's a awesome sport, take politics away from it&you'd enjoy it 
politics	Now Playing: Harlem by New Politics HitMusic VirginRadio96 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission FOX sms egypt politics health, 
politics	MT Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude .....Yeah! Just like China....wonderful 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Ir Breaking sydney News egypt health, politics 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal BBC UN Belgium sydney politics 
politics	BACK TO BUSINESS? Obama administration to restart White House tours: 
politics	"Off your Fascist" ? 
politics	Euronews LeMonde 
politics	Socialism for everyone else bare faced capitalism for himself,I detest Blair more then anyone else in politics 
politics	Cheney: Showtime channel television shows fit the one percent doctrine, must bomb them. 
politics	In politics, today's villain is tomorrow's hero!" 
politics	Michael Gove: governments must stop lying to children about life chances "KNOW YOUR PLACE, PROLES!" 
politics	Jay-Z - Politics As Usual. 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds Belgium politics ABC Syria 
politics	HillaryClinton korea 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian region sms Syria politics 
politics	I'm with British Gas, and support "common sense" wear a Jumper! 
politics	Reid: Cruz acted with an eye on the White House : 
politics	Pressure on political prisoners by depriving medical care Woman politics News world Syria egypt humanrights 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China. … 
politics	Gove should apply his Warm & Fuzzy Airlines analogy to the training of teachers, as well as pilots (Guardian) unQTS 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics 
politics	OK well, there are examples, but there's also a lot more to politics than just who is president :P 
politics	Osborne's rant misses the point - problem not with people's attitudes, it's with the gvnt's employment policies. 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost ABC AP sydney world egypt uk FOX BBC politics CNN Headline LeMonde Euronews 
politics	It's a worry when the AFP areal hinge politics 
politics	NaMo industry net worth may cross Rs 500 crore: Experts - Page2 - The Economic Times 
politics	E4 Bullying at schools, when eye tricks the mind and power playing politics. Frank callitwhstyouwant at 
politics	abc : A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day: Presidential devotionals: A look at spiritual medi... dnybm 
politics	Miss Me Yet? The Bumper Sticker Zazzle politics 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration AlJazeera usa politics LONDON News world 
politics	While Harper claims human rights violations, but is just playing domestic politics and trying to get the Tamil vote. 
politics	How many UPA ministers are part of Dynastic politics? 
politics	Celtic is open to ALL regardless of politics, race, religion, to say different is lies, NO 1 is bigger than the club 
politics	Alex Salmond: vote for Scottish independence is act of self-belief 
politics	We shd actually nw stop blaming politicians as we ourselves refrain from joining politics. 
politics	Hunt deplores 'politicising' of a tragedy via 
politics	13 Things That Define the New American Center 
politics	Old people and politics MadeForEachOther 
politics	Energy Secretary Ed Davey admits gas and electricity bills will keep on rising... 
politics	Politics Politics Politics 
politics	Use your experience and skills in politics as a campaign manager. Join us online Oct 21st for Campaign Mgmt 101 & 102 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran Syria ABC politics AP egypt world 
politics	I'm not into politics but enough's enough Dave. People will be cold & hungry this winter. WHY. 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal Breaking politics sydney FOX 
politics	T-JAC going hi-tech way? 
politics	lol 18 kooda jagan lo cherevare nuvvu new comedy politics ante money and status inka teleeledha 
politics	Prime Minister Manmohan Singh heads to Russia, China to boost trade 
politics	You can still make a difference without being interested in politics ybcvie” YOUTH COUNCILS FOR THE WIN ybcvie 
politics	[Chester Co Biz] Coatesville candidates share views on school scandal 
politics	what? 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - Washington PostUS Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82Tampa... 
politics	Politicians could't succeed to finish the poor as they have starved for worse of their cruel politics despite finishing poverty Pakistan 
politics	All you want to know about Narendra Modi's today's Kanpur rally 
politics	Religion is politics with aesthetics.. 
politics	Mechanical, routine teaching catches Michael Gove's eye on US tour. 
politics	in principle im not glorifying it bcz our student politics are dying a slow death!! 
politics	Fat cat energy bosses are now the story. 
politics	Politics equals "the lowest common denominator" every time. That is why Politics is called "the low art" or "the... 
politics	In Iraq, as part of the Surge strategy, didn't we directly pay off militia groups and other extremists? Sorry, politics r messy. 
politics	The nigga preaching!! RT Truth! ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	Politics: Devolution battle a notch higher as Senate opposes bid to disband TA 
politics	Good morning! 9 years after McGreevey signed domestic partnerships law, he reacts to same-sex marriage in Jersey. 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost health, fail Belgium Breaking egypt middleeast Headline politics FOX News world 
politics	http:/… 
politics	Pay attention Cons. Obama had to spend to get us out of the ditch Bush left us in. know your politics. 
politics	BBC News - David Cameron backs illegal-immigrant text message campaign He would wouldn't he. nastyman 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration health FOX Breaking egypt LONDON tcot politics 
politics	nationaldebt wealthequality politics jobcreation InheritanceCap 
politics	The USAShutdown Is Over or just another propaganda? 
politics	Congratulations to Michael Gove: "Governments must stop lying to children about life chances" by grade inflation 
politics	DTN Italy: Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces he w... 
politics	POLITICS - Lebanese pilgrims abducted in Syria sent to Turkey, Turkish pilots to be freed via 
politics	SUCK SHIT 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds News AP reuters sydney politics 
politics	Revealed: Fracking industry bosses at heart of coalition … 
politics	The interface between justice and politics can be brutal. Cde Pikoli may have been playing a political role. 
politics	And I'm not even close to kidding about my last tweet. I love politics. 
politics	In case you missed it here's my interview with George Osborne in China, from lucky pig to dinner with Boris 
politics	You Cannot ...Create ONE Functioning Website? 
politics	No historical basis for Michael Collins as latter-day ‘macho man’ says John A. Murphy | The Irish Times history 
politics	China criticizes Abe for ritual offering to Yasukuni shrine - 
politics	Principle based Politics, Governance based on rule of law and equity, Business based on ethics and good practices is the need of the day 
politics	Tips for men from 
politics	Miliband on Cameron's energy policy: "wear a hoodie" 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstratio world AP reuters iranelection politics FOX egypt 
politics	I look forward to seeing the Daily Mail article headline "George Osborne: the man who hated Britain" 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on world politics Belgium tcot middleeast 
politics	Headlines(politics) 
politics	given broadness required of 'scientist' for that to be true, same logic applies to economics, politics, theology, history... 
politics	[ChesCo Entertnmt] Coatesville candidates share views on school scandal 
politics	And what's an accurate description of partisan politics? 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort Homeland episode all over this. 
politics	Ont. Premier Wynne supports Canada-EU deal, still has concerns over compensation 
politics	Australia's Liberals deny our right to Freespeech auspol nswpol 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddlin FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	Sometimes one just has to tell it like it is. never been one to mince words or toady. Boss has to kill politics. 
politics	Doesn't Prove You Are Right. 
politics	I just applied the same demented logic you use. Anyone who disagrees with your politics is a Jackbooted Nazi thug, obviously. 
politics	From "Sturgeon vows to slash fuel bills by £70 on Yes vote win" indyref snp13 
politics	PM backs 'illegal immigrant' texts 
politics	Below inflation rises in pay, benefits and tax credits will drive up child poverty rates inexorably: 
politics	Or polit… 
politics	Abortion is just as wrong today as it was 40 years ago-click here and comment: "YES" below if you 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics 
politics	Y should we still be hearin some names in Nigerian politics, des r men dah ruled when ma parents were just kids for Gods sake 
politics	Cruz: anti-Obamacare savior, or Johnny-come-lately? - Houston Chronicle texas 
politics	Labor regains southern Sydney seat of Miranda via the swing was cos people realized they'd stuffed it Federally 
politics	Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift News 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north BBC UN Belgium sydney politics reuters sms ABC 
politics	Terrifying 
politics	FYI Lobbying and politics: Lies, damn lies and opinion surveys 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration Breaking sydney News egypt health, politics 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Belgium UN Syria AP world BBC egypt ABC sydney Woman News politics reuters 
politics	He might have inferiority complex after our first meeting – Targamadze about Ivanishvili 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran Syria ABC politics AP egypt world reuters Euronews 
politics	New review: Statesman: The Politics of Limits and the Liminal by Agnes Horvath and John O’Brien Plato philosophy 
politics	Kenyans key in formation of ICC KoT ICC 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran health Syria politics fail middleeast 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran FOX LONDON health, newsfeed politics egypt Headline 
politics	Movies are supposed to be drama/comedy/action/romance and everything that is related to ART but NOT POLITICS ! 
politics	Politics In Music - Red Wedge 1986 Tour Remembered 
politics	Fast Social: News in/for the Social Economy this week socent politics socialeconomy 
politics	Law students.. Law students talking about law, politics, philosophy everywhere...... Nah not really. 
politics	The political class is finally waking up to the youth unemployment crisis little to late 
politics	No rocket science.They just have 2 move away from,corrupt,divisive,opaque & criminalised 
politics	Here's the 
politics	Energy price crisis: Lord Ashcroft dons jumper to back David Cameron’s ‘cover-up’ call 
politics	Was great to say hi and talk politics & electronic music with you  
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China 
politics	"Ignore politics and macroeconomics when picking stocks" -Warren Buffett 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district sms politics sydney LONDON 
politics	1StopKindleShop: Social Security For Dummies 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages Woman politics News world 
politics	Conservatives Misunderstand What Went Wrong Under Bush - Conor Friedersdorf - The Atlantic 
politics	sorry for jumping in. But it is already end of honest politics when ppl like u r putting fake masks 
politics	eoeLDconf debates TTIP benefits to UK economy & politics 
politics	Texas Lt. Governor says president should be impeached ImpeachObama 
politics	Did the GOP Establishment Just Curb-Stomp Liberty? - Conor Friedersdorf - The Atlantic 
politics	PostBulletin - A look at devotionals that start Obama's day - Each morning for the past five years, before most of... 
politics	The army is just beginning to focus on defending our territorial integrity as against doing politics. We'll get there. 
politics	BBC News - Jumpergate - the story that wasn't 
politics	Scandal Most used when discussing tribal politics Nativeproblems#bosbenji I am so sorry to hear this, Please follow an 
politics	- Mmm, actually...no! 
politics	but v need ppl like u in politics otherwise v will always b ruled by thieves. 
politics	two hours conversation about politics, people's writing, opinions etc. 
politics	- MakeDCListen 
politics	/r/politics [spam filtered] Obama Pollster Warns Republicans: Oppose Obamacare At Your Own Risk 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Woman BBC UN humanrights world Syria ABC politics AP News sms Belgium Iraq 
politics	Art of Politics: Buy the frustration, sell the hope, pocket the difference. 
politics	iPads for grandads 
politics	jamie away and have a wee wank son youll feel much better lad.cause politics or history is, nt your strong points 
politics	Heart and Mariners draw in A-League: Marcos Flores and David Williams scored doubles for their respective... 
politics	Korsheed shah( opp leader) 
politics	A seriously great article about the power of women in politics! via 
politics	hides 
politics	Third class tickets - so that's how the govt want to bring down rail fares 
politics	Politics: Latinos urge California attorney general to probe Herbalife (reuters): Share With Friends: | | Pol... 
politics	Ireland 'does not treat negligence in major institutions as criminal' 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration health News FOX LONDON politics Belgium iraq 
politics	Endless Politics: Tired of the dreaded spinning wheel of "waiting to download"? Then get Endless Celebrity. Start... 
politics	Oh, okay, politics... bourgeoisasfuck from the get go. 
politics	A directive no less. 
politics	Grt writing by ianjack on transformation of London into city of v rich & poor. Distorts UK society, politics, media. 
politics	Labour 'could cut more' from welfare 
politics	David Brooks: If "Reality Caucus" Can Retake Control In House, Immigration Will Pass politics tcot 
politics	I'm disappointed I made a dickhead joke then, not for a follow but cause even when talking politics I don't want to offend 
politics	In politics, today's villain is tomorrow's hero! 
politics	woken up by the builder for the second time. This time, he's ranting about politics 
politics	BACK TO BUSINESS?Obama administration to restart White House tours: Stopgap funding bill sprinkled with $$ for... 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds News politics health LONDON 
politics	Funding surges to group that backed budget showdown via 
politics	I read a lot of politics into it also, but the editor's response was You got my point right." 
politics	On the barry gibb talk show. Talking bout politics... 
politics	Accdg to LP mayors in siquijor, Joel Rocamora will be financing the brgy elections. Y is he meddling with the local politics? 
politics	Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington 
politics	[Daily Local] Coatesville candidates share views on school scandal 
politics	A the govt announces an indefinite ban on all rallies in the capital from 6am... 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement botSOLID 
politics	Four things we learned from government shutdown 
politics	/r/politics [spam filtered] The Most Innovative Homeless Service You've Never Heard Of 
politics	How did Anglo-Saxon religion differ from Christianity? 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog via 
politics	Fascinating interview with Tommy Robinson. Comes across as intelligent but dissilusioned and seriously misguided 
politics	Rahul only believes in Dynasty Politics not in Democracy, People will teach him a lesson in 2014 Election. 
politics	Proud of my snookums Hosting the Youths in Politics Forum today. Voiceover Artist tomorrow. All round bad as all the time. 
politics	4 N tha Mornin..Tell U that I want it.. Bend me Over..I love that shit! I want that shit! Gimme all that shit..No Politics Crenshaw Nipsey 
politics	Alex Salmond: vote for Scottish independence is act of self-belief - The Guardian: The Guardian... IndyRef UKOK 
politics	Don Randall must be feeling a little warm. There are lots of bright hot lights on him right now. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran health Syria politics fail middleeast Headline tcot 
politics	The French living in the dark ages 
politics	Perfect result in my case: 4 Cs (mainly English), 1 B (British), 3 A's: Eng people can also be citizens of the world! 
politics	Thomas Foley, House Speaker, Dies at 84; Democrat Urged Parties to Collaborate 
politics	Frm my undastnding of 9ja politics dia is no smoke without fire! StellaGate even frm d defence of d aviation pple has some element of truth 
politics	Dear Jeremy Browne, do have a gander at this before going on about 'party of protest' nonsense 
politics	Hahahahahaha!!!! MOST READ: ‘Hlaudi Motsoeneng canned TheBigDebate’: 
politics	We could talk about business and politics while we share this Gpen tweetsabouther 
politics	That will never happen, and GOP knows it. Destroy the village to save it is their game. 
politics	Oh my gosh....a business magazine says the Church is right on contraception!! Well said. via 
politics	ReNationalise 
politics	snp13 yes 
politics	We haven't quite decided if we <3 CCM or hate it "b!yxh fvck yo politics" Yall fake#btch niqqaz  
politics	Maldives Election Commission calls off re-vote after police intervention -India Times- 
politics	MotherFucking politics 
politics	Politics is the capacity to influence others through inspiration motivated by passion,generate by vision,ignited by purpose. 
politics	Is this politics? 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages Breaking politics sydney FOX 
politics	TeaParty Watch: Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift - ABC News 
politics	Ont. Premier Wynne supports Canada-EU deal, still has concerns over compensation via 
politics	North Korea: Countdown to Nuclear War 
politics	Don't think they should be allocated safe seats to begin. Get some work in first, outside politics/media 
politics	Vote Yes for "real and lasting cut" in energy bills says Sturgeon indyref yesscotland bettertogether 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude 
politics	I am nominating Gove for the 'most stupid politician' award! (And that's some award at the moment) 
politics	You Want To Supervise The Entire Healthcare Systems o… 
politics	Euronews 
politics	TIP OF THE DAY Address real issues like corruption, development, criminal in politics,jobs, inflation&food inflation, lal battis 
politics	new story on darkpolitricks Frackin ‘too dangerous 2 health & clim8’ 2 B allowd news politics 
politics	SAUDI ARABIA: rejects UNSC seat over ‘failure to deal with conflicts’ | | c POLITICS | RT 
politics	I Agree!! 
politics	Furloughed workers binged on Netflix during the government shutdown, report suggests 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces he will not fight... 
politics	it's not politics now. It's about our basic rights. Come come. Time to hit road 
politics	download Nationalization of Politics 
politics	New Generation Of [Illegal] Immigrant Advocates Take Radical Approach | I'm all for it. Anger Americans more! 
politics	Now Playing: Harlem By New Politics theedge 
politics	WhatisArt arthistory fineart graphicdesign thefutureisours 'It's Just Politics Tnm' by Mark Van den dries - 
politics	But.... 
politics	economictimes 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran Syria ABC politics AP egypt world 
politics	Agree with much of this. Paradox: maybe Scots indy debate will force Brit politicians to talk of Eng 
politics	Arumah Oteh, Patricia Ette, and Oh Stella... Oh Stella Oduah... And We All Thought Women ll Be Different in Politics... Nigeria 
politics	Politics: ICC Trials: Killing of three Kalenjin youth not arranged, says witness 
politics	The Abbott government fiddles while NSW burns | Independent Australia via 
politics	Obama Nominates Former Pentagon Official as DHS Secretary 
politics	ISBPL: NEWS PM leaves tomorrow on a visit to Russia, China: Singh will be participating in the 14th annual su... 
politics	Am not suprised lawyers re much involved in politics,its part of their training,they were trained to lie 
politics	Look around u in Lagos alone u'll be amazed the fortune he had silently made not frm being hardworkikng but by dirty politics 
politics	Pew Research Poll: "msnbc content is 85% opinion and 15% fact based". No wonder they are last in ratings 
politics	EXCL Sammy Two Pools: British Gas fatcat’s plans at his mansion 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes Headline tcot News Belgium politics newsfeed 
politics	politics especially in NG is a conspiracy of d unproductive bt organised against the productive bt unorganised 
politics	The worst thing about the coalition? The wasted opportunities 
politics	Being impressed by my own writing lately... Got this note of synthesis on Mitteleuropa going on and, well... I should go for politics. ahaha 
politics	Too kind. Politics is the hinterland to my football mania, not t'other way round hinterland healey 
politics	Give us charge for 1 year. If we aren't able to control the mafia here, I'll quit politics,' says Kalyan Singh 
politics	Boat carrying about 60 asylum seekers arrives at Christmas Island 
politics	Yes, 
politics	Too important to miss: Labour leader Ed Miliband declares tax war on payday lenders 
politics	Football, Bosnia and politics - "A Short Primer on Writing about BiH at the World Cup 2014" by 
politics	SNP pledges energy bill cut post Yes aye but she will increase tax by 10% dontletherfoolyou BetterTogether 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement scotland 
politics	Police said their work often led to paranoia among extreme far-right groups. "There is a huge amount of distrust... 
politics	I dont believe in politics. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran AlJazeera usa politics LONDON News 
politics	Haiti: President and PM discourses on October 17, 2013 via 
politics	2013 shutdown politics: How Octopus will make the debt fight a weapon against Republicans 
politics	my point exactly.....must evritin in Nigeria be political? Is rili sad dat even our education is based on politics 
politics	the Labour EU legacy carries on its madness and costs, while commonsense dies a slow painful death 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Belgium politics ABC Syria egypt Woman Iraq UN News news AP CNN BBC world 
politics	I changed 2 COOP 
politics	Gove: 'it's still the case that America and Britain are houses divided by inequality and lack of opportunity'. 
politics	Out of the Spotlight, Obama Nurtures His Faith - ABC News -- 09:01: 
politics	Boats will be stopped, Abbott says - via 
politics	To see how far Assmange fell short its sufficent to simply read two works - the Cyphernomicon and Assassination Politics. 
politics	Sectarianism in Dublin a ‘shattering sadness’, says Church of Ireland Archbishop | 
politics	Obama, Dems Are Unified Now but Face Tough Tests: Obama and Hill Dems unified during budget battle, but tough... 
politics	Washington, DC Foley, former House speaker, dies - Concord Monitor 
politics	Ceasefire violations a matter of great concern: Khurshid 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran sms politics sydney LONDON Euronews google iraq 
politics	Lunch is free for all students in some Florida schools, due to new federal program: 
politics	Been in Asia and I don't miss the ugly politics...except bashing of Obama for being useless and having idiotic ideas. God save the USA! 
politics	sad state of Nashik. Politics and greed as shown its ugly face again. "Navaa Gadi, Junech Rajya" 
politics	unclekhans honesty cost him the last Election - Honesty v pakistani politics ? 
politics	Justice must prevail over politics taiwan 
politics	A politician will do anything to keep his job - even become a patriot - William Randolph Politics 
politics	A defeated GOP wants to unite, move on, fight another day - CNN 
politics	Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief 
politics	Politics is about perception which you are trying to fabricate, i am Jaagruk AAM AADMI 
politics	Beware Britain’s absurd property trap (Financial Times) 
politics	Nothing tests friendship and loyalty like Politics 
politics	Blog: When Greenwalds Attack! 10 Examples From His Past news tcot politics TFB P2 Obama ♢ 
politics	Managing people is not politics- Pst. Adeola Mensah 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district sms Syria politics tcot 
politics	Democrats Aim to Restore Immigration to Agenda teamfollowback 
politics	Cruz and his ilk are not interested in electoral politics. They are interested in taking over the government and r... 
politics	How a former death row inmate thanked the attorney who saved his life 
politics	hot trending news Americans find little to cheer in deal to end fiscal... politics 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north newsfeed sydney News Belgium fail tcot politics 
politics	Milan court sets 2-year Berlusconi political ban 
politics	In politics the middle way is none at all, -John Adams famousquoteHoward Webb referring Man Utd vs Chelsea on Sunday, W 
politics	Did we just pay fedl workers to binge watch Breaking Bad? 
politics	Obama, Dems Are Unified Now but Face Tough Tests: Obama and Hill Dems unified during budget battle, but tough ... 
politics	4 idiots at the table next to us discussing politics. Should know better. 
politics	Excavation for treasure continues for second day 
politics	Our newest member of the NSW parliament, Mr Barry Collier” Finally, an old white guy is getting a chance in politics. 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities bayarea 
politics	Politics in the News is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddling Syria world sydney politics 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north ABC AP sydney world egypt uk FOX BBC politics CNN 
politics	When somebody lies to you more than 3 times it becomes POLITICS" 
politics	Contrast the attitude of George Osborne - his trashing of our people, with the spirit of hope at snp13 SNP VoteYes 
politics	hot trending news Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith politics 
politics	Democratic National Committee leverages big data to turn politics... BigData 
politics	CCEcon4 Follow this story and its effect on the UK economy: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' 
politics	But today v need good n honest people like u in politics,somebody whom we can trust n look up to,rx u 2 reconsider ur decision 
politics	Lib Dems block May's plans for immigration checks on tenants 
politics	Colorado Congressional Delegation Urges FEMA to Make Flood Assistance Available to More... senate politics 
politics	How many UPA ministers are part of a Dynastic politics? 
politics	I was amazed to see the way Odisha govt worked before/during/after Phailin. Odisha shows 'can do' spirit 
politics	closing the gap is a fill good exercise of politics that have no impact in communitiesor for people 
politics	beta pogo dekho u dont know anything abt politics.before tweeting read curntaff 
politics	Tom Foley, 'an unusually civil politician,' dies 
politics	because he is much needed into politics.. 
politics	This is actually NaMo Magic!" 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration Syria ABC politics AP egypt world reuters 
politics	Henry Adams~ Politics as a practice whatever its professions has always been the systematic organization of hatreds. 
politics	Correction, most politicians frm both sides r Gov is Playing Politics with ‘Allah’ - By Kee Thuan Chye 
politics	Disgusted with Politics?Who is responsible for this? 
politics	Jarring Politics weddings 
politics	america usa news Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases 
politics	Marine's career in jeopardy despite role exposing Afghan insider threat; 
politics	Diepsloot residents vow to vote EFF- 
politics	I liked a video Dr John Henrik Clarke Debate With Cornell West The Politics of Assimilation verses 
politics	"He's still ranting on about the burqa and other nonsense - still a narrow-minded nationalist... " EDL 
politics	** Filling Agencies With Liberal Socialists & Worse ** 
politics	Very nice Andrew representing your community that's why most of us enter politics some forget this overtime keep up good work 
politics	his father could afford to take a stance. I wonder if survival requires these swings in his case. Or just politics/ local context 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district health Syria politics fail 
politics	My first tweet for this account. I've created this account to rant about politics and inform others who don't pay much attention to them. 🇺🇸 
politics	SICK: OBAMACARE WOES WIDEN AS INSURERS GET WRONG DATA...: SICK: OBAMACARE WOES WIDEN AS INSURE... politics news 
politics	sadly Honesty is dead within pakistani politics under current 'Family business's Dakus '. 
politics	srilanka. 
politics	Why is George Osborne talking Britain down? 
politics	For just one second, let's ignore politics and wonder how anyone could oppose the idea of health care for everyone. 
politics	yes it is true, it is what the public needed, the politics was all bad news and easy to hate. Now it Is as it should be quiet. 
politics	Obama’s DHS pick a major Democratic donor, senators question credentials 
politics	Conservatives see McConnell’s shutdown deal-making as a betrayal — and an opening via 
politics	If people want to play office politics, they must be prepared to take as good as they give. 
politics	smooshing together canada & u.s. would produce a one-party (democrat) state, effectively euthanising politics. 
politics	red wedge remembered by redskins as well? What chance a revival? Who would feature now? ? 
politics	'I don’t write about my son’s death to contribute or even respond in kind to the sensationalist bent of some... 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost FOX sms egypt politics Syria health, News LONDON sydney Euronews Headline 
politics	Couldn't buy a bowl from SexWorld😑since when is it $2 to get in these days?!” politics 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China. 
politics	Bring out the gold in swiss banks which is looted by corrupt Indian politicians , businessmen and mafia. 
politics	722 suspects rejoin terror groups after acquittal in Pakistan 
politics	Food bank figures reinforce Labour's cost of living offensive 
politics	The Tea Party? This app brings people together, changes the face of politics forever. Because Everybody Got Soul. 
politics	if you want to change the system, you should be in the system. Will be glad if you join politics. 
politics	Wendell Phillips~ Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics. 
politics	Americans in Need Will Save Obamacare From Itself - Garance Franke-Ruta - The Atlantic 
politics	Berlusconi given 2 year political ban. Errm I swear he has been banned more times than illegal drugs? Italy Politics 
politics	"Politics ruins the character". if you are agree then RT sirji. 
politics	US Federal debt as % of GDP. Politics drives spending? Seems not 
politics	BBC News - East Coast rail success downplayed for sell-off - RMT 
politics	Angry with the political system, youth to volunteer for AAP 
politics	Racism is not necessarily linked to politics .. It's a state of mind 
politics	Energy bills would be cut in an independent Scotland promises Nicola Sturgeon. From - indyref snp13 
politics	We're discussing Robin Morgan, “Planetary Feminism: The Politics of the 21st Century” 
politics	Its no longer politics as usually,listern to the masses-anc will not get more than 60% in nxt election. 
politics	news - Iran: angry people in Bandar Abbas shout slogans against separation of Parsian region Syria ABC politics 
politics	More bonkers stuff from Gove... This time, quoting Martin Luther King. And as for the 'warm and fuzzy' stuff... meh 
politics	Now is the time to ask Michael Moore to prepare the agreements for independence,on the YES side of course.I think... 
politics	I can recommend some great non-fiction, politics type audiobooks...  
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lo reuters news sydney News world AP Belgium Syria Woman ABC politics egypt sms UN 
politics	politics are such a BIG DAMN LIERS! 
politics	C.W. Bill Young, longtime Fla. congressman, dies at 82 via | R.I.P. 
politics	personally I believe it should b made illegal for teachers to talk politics in school. Teachers like parents influence kids. 
politics	Thomas Foley, House Speaker, Dies at 84; Democrat Urged Parties to Collaborate - New York Times 
politics	How world politics, funding shape the operations of ICC - Politics - 
politics	Given current politics, I don't see why anyone sees the'centre ground' as anything but a cop-out. 
politics	Rebates 'swallow up' tax increases: Rebates will swallow up as much as a third of money from council tax incre... 
politics	Australian Musicians Get More than Jazzed about Politics Australianpolitics AmandaKay BadAbbott Abbottprotest 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on sms politics sydney LONDON Euronews google 
politics	So, if we lie to the government, it's a felony. But if they lie to us its politics.” 
politics	> Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does. Groucho Marx 
politics	Salmond wants ‘act of national self-confidence’ 
politics	I got interested because, My dad had a very wealthy friend only fought over politics got me curious i figured it out trust me 
politics	Vote Yes for "real and lasting cut" in energy bills says Sturgeon - Mozilla Firefox indyref 
politics	Roxas tells mayors: No politics in helping quake victims 
politics	Crystal_belli A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day: Presidential devotionals: A look at spiritual med... 
politics	No, You Can’t Just Go to the Emergency Room—Unless You Want to Go Broke via 
politics	[but we do now live in an "us & them" economy] 
politics	At least I am sure that was what he meant …I was maybe confused by the Russian accent 
politics	Calm before the United AP storm! 
politics	Lone Ward 6 candidate seeks end to comp cars - Arizona Daily Star: Lone Ward 6 candidate seeks end to comp... HR 
politics	Degree Mills: A Country Littered With Fake Degrees - Politics - Utne Reader 
politics	Berlusconi gets two-year ban from politics 
politics	Eliot Spitzer will be making a comeback in politics, Wait, thereâ€™s a joke in thereâ€¦ replete, -C, S, Lewis famousquote 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Breaking politics sydney FOX health world fail LONDON 
politics	BSF foils infiltration bid in Samba, intruder killed: Border troops today foiled an infiltration bid along the... 
politics	US lockdown gave me a reassuring sense of normality when watching inept French politics. 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostage BBC UN Belgium sydney politics 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diploma news politics humanrights CNN sms BBC Woman Belgium 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons missio news politics humanrights CNN sms 
politics	Now that Shollei has been kicked of for thieving, will she now enter politics where the vice is legal? Don't be surprised if she does 
politics	Haniyyah: We don't side with any Arab party against the other, and we do not interfere with the intrnal politics of our Arab brothers. 
politics	Life in Ghana now survival of the fittest - NPP man assets | Politics News | 2013-10-19 
politics	Salmond: Yes vote would be act of Scots' self-confidence 
politics	Politics & F1.... 
politics	The damage of Osborne's cap on benefit increases is now clear 
politics	Putting aside irational perspective of politics n ideology has managed both companies + countries 2show the world the best-biz cooperation? 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Ira world AP reuters iranelection politics FOX egypt ABC 
politics	We don't know what the fuckkk is goin on! 
politics	OPENFOLLOW SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolli... TEAMFOLLOWBACK 
politics	JP: PM's proposal 'unclear' 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX health 
politics	news - Iran: big crowd gathered outside intelligence office against partitioning of the province world politics 
politics	The Lib Dems haven't retoxified the Tories' brand - they did that all themselves 
politics	Diepsloot residents vow to vote EFF 
politics	Panel to study impact of hydel projects on Uttarakhand ecology ecology 
politics	Tenants in expensive council homes are similar to 'Made in Chelsea Brigade' 
politics	Based on misleading analyses of health data... NYTimes: States Are Focus of Effort to Subvert Health Care Law 
politics	Office politics at City Press. 
politics	It's time to end London's motherhood penalty - New Statesman tom tolkien 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran world politics Belgium tcot middleeast 
politics	Michael Gove tells students they're wrong to aim high and target university places or skilled work... 
politics	The political class is finally waking up to the youth unemployment crisis 
politics	Justice must prevail over politics 
politics	A House of Representatives stenographer was dragged off the floor during the vote to end the partial government 
politics	"States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law" | NY Times - Politics | 10/18/13 
politics	news politics technology Windows Microsoft 
politics	Reading "Behenji" by Ajoy Bose. A great trove of info on UP politics esp info like Raja Bhaiyya was first promoted by Rajnath Singh. 
politics	See you 2015 Silvio! 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude live there if you like it so much! 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - news 
politics	salam - have you read this article? 
politics	The Brotherhood by images a world where there is no distinction between religion and politics. 
politics	Appalling left wing politics seeks destruction of our borders & culture to accomodate fascist Islam & show how PC tolerant we are auspol 
politics	Nothing says caring for people like fighting Medicaid expansion. States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace los Breaking politics sydney FOX health world fail LONDON Belgium Syria tcot health, 
politics	nydailynews: Sheldon Silver says he hasn't spoken to friend accused of stealing $5 million from charity nyc 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran ABC AP iranelection IranNews politics 
politics	politics Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith: WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama is not an o... 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran google sms Syria LeMonde iraq 
politics	Marsh in nice touch as WA beat Tassie: WA have scored a win over Tasmania in their one-day match, former Test... 
politics	How to boost youngpeople participation in politics? DemocracySaturday via Ireland? 
politics	That part of the depth when one thinks chemistry is a utopian plot against suffering. 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities - KTVU San Francisco SanJose 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Syria Belgium reuters UN BBC CNN news egypt politics 
politics	BBC News - SNP conference: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' more like self destruction 
politics	AAPV… 
politics	Abject poverty & repression? Ladies & Gents, modern tories "Osborne: Second-rate Britain needs to be more like China 
politics	BSF foils infiltration bid in Samba, intruder killed 
politics	2 hour seminar African politics & dev with taxi driver who has business degree.Things will change only when young displace corruption & ... 
politics	Scotland News - SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog 
politics	Zuma says ANC will win in 2014 - Politics | IOL News | 
politics	Collegians take a new course with Aam Aadmi Party's Arvind Kejriwal 
politics	Out of the Spotlight, Obama Nurtures His Faith - ABC News (via 
politics	lol em peekali, he is like you and me, he is not part of any party or politics 
politics	Reply: End of shutdown stalemate shows a GOP at war with itself: The Republicans still haven't learned after the... 
politics	Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat in Washington: Senator Ted Cruz’s defiance in Washington... trending news 
politics	Another example of national press antics that the regionals wouldn't touch: Jumpergate - the story that wasn't 
politics	Check out this article from Ex-House Speaker Tom Foley dies at 84: 
politics	This is called Life mein Politics Baat toh sahi hai...Even I would never date a Congi supporter...” 
politics	From polyculture to monoculture: viewing Washington politics thru Middle East lens NYTimes: From Beirut to Washington 
politics	Register for Careers in Politics: Social Media Consultants online Oct 20. Use your social media skills in politics. 
politics	Want a good picture of how money corrupts US politics--overwhelming the will of "we the people"? Just take a look... 
politics	try Mia she has so many great and interesting things to say about world events, politics. She's an amazing lazy 
politics	sms 
politics	Obama, Dems are unified now but face tough tests News 
politics	Gamification as a solution to engage youth in European politics? ybcvie EP 
politics	doesn’t mean politics won’t take an interest in you” - Pericles 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China <== why doesn't he stay there then? 
politics	I am good man training hard. I was not selected!! (Politics in sport).How are you getting on out there? Have you fought yet? 
politics	'Give us charge for 1 year. If we aren't able to control the mafia here, I'll quit politics,' says former UP CM Kalyan Singh NaMoInKanpur 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost world ABC sydney reuters AP News egypt Belgium news Syria politics humanrights 
politics	PowerOfACommonMan Can Change Politics and It Will in Coming Election. 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission News politics health LONDON 
politics	there's point of view with in PPP that Aseefa will over take Bilawal, he has no interest in politics, he doesnt understand it 
politics	McConnell’s deal-making riles up radical reactionary faction back home 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district Syria health tcot politics 
politics	Blog: When Greenwalds Attack! 10 Examples From His Past news tcot politics TFB P2 Obama ♦ 
politics	A Week in Revolting Europe politics austerity inequality racism fascism protest wages poverty strikes 
politics	PowerOfACommonMan will take the shape of votes for AAP in delhi on Dec 4. Corrupt politics will give way to clean politics. 
politics	America's 'Kamikaze caucus': 
politics	Comments open. You may wish to redress the imbalance. 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, an... 
politics	Obama Announces His Choice to Lead Dept. of Homeland Security - ABC News 
politics	2013 shutdown politics: How Obama will make the debt fight a weapon against Republicans 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - 
politics	abc : Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift: Shutdown showdown widened GOP-tea party rift ahead... dnybm 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude gidiot prat 
politics	Politics is the last resort of scoundrels said G B Shaw 
politics	politics "You gotta know a brother, who knows a brother, who knows someone" lol 
politics	Reading S.A Politics Unspun after R.W Johnson's "S.A's Brave New World..." is such a joy. Great reads. 
politics	Morning quiz - is it jumper, jersey, pullover, or sweater? jumpergate. sweatergate has all sorts of connotations. 
politics	Taxman conned by Chinese, British public conned by taxman. Osborne; ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover ‘can do’ 
politics	Archbishop’s ‘sectarianism’ warning | 
politics	Priest orders TD not to help with communion via Vatican bullying on abortion 
politics	Politicians who have 'a past' face blackmail: Louise Mensch backs Gloria de Piero's response to topless photos threat 
politics	Of course, now that he is in politics, he cannot make such lose comments. Wont defend him just cuz he is in AAP now. 
politics	Democrats Aim to Restore Immigration to Agenda, via 
politics	IK is a child in politics. 
politics	Interested in psychology and politics? Then check out TY 
politics	I'm basically center-right in my politics - i'm the type of guy the GOP should recruit. Cheney keeps lots of people away from the GOP. 
politics	IFA are never done pandering to the IRA.”You can argue your backward politics, but don't bring our national team in to it 
politics	"tho sum of u who engage in workplace politics so much, reflect work tt is so bad I don’t know how sucesful my call will b" 
politics	Speaker Silver hasn’t spoken to disgraced friend Rapfogel 
politics	drMM 
politics	Charges possible for Boy Scouts leaders who toppled Utah rock formation politics nascar 
politics	Out of the Spotlight, Obama Nurtures His Faith - ABC News 
politics	Politics are a nasty game"<~Politricks 
politics	election politics respect integrity VoteWisely BeSmart WalkTheTalk 
politics	Alex Salmond: vote for Scottish independence is "an act of national self-belief" indyref SNP13 
politics	We don't need this fascist groove thing - rise of the far right in Central Europe politics racism 
politics	One Eid gathering does not simply pass by without talking about politics. 
politics	Your Words Have Killed_Instead of Heal. 
politics	It was just a political kick or gimmick which has effected masses ...this is politics what to say or express .just victimised 
politics	Do you know How many UPA ministers are part of a Dynastic politics? 
politics	Money For Dam Project In Shutdown Deal Riles Conservatives 
politics	George Osborne really scares me: 
politics	Hull Uni Daily Politics Digest is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
politics	SNP conference: Alex Salmond says independence 'an act of self-belief' Or 'self egoism'? 
politics	PAPE"R"MAIL: Saturday 19th October 2013: In the News this Week 
politics	All forms of gathering banned in capital Ban Rally Dhaka Bangladesh Politics 
politics	I refuse to comment on this matter 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of the SNP conference in Perth, includi... 
politics	teach for a few years in SK 
politics	Far too early to be up and talking politics :-/ all though I am now wide awake and ready for my day ahead  breakfast time 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide province News politics health LONDON 
politics	No plan to return to BCCI: Sharad Pawar 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons mission world BBC politics Woman news 
politics	Merkel urges Netanyahu to restrain settlement construction | JPost | Israel News 
politics	extremely profound ... RT: If we lie to the government, it's a crime. If they lie to us its politics.” 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on health Syria politics fail middleeast 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrator News politics health LONDON 
politics	New article on darkpolitricks: Fracking ‘too dangerous to health and climate’ to be allowed news politics 
politics	We have been used to politics of propaganda for So long that even the young rising generation is copyng same.... 
politics	Are Indian MPs bonded labourers? So it appears, as they cannot even resign from Parliament on their sweet wish. Politics is a funny business 
politics	Why Prince Charming Rahul Gandhi can't win votes for Congress 
politics	Niger is scary That kind thing! Lolz...uon wanna go 'missing' Politics tho. I canttttttt""" 
politics	today we also lack public figures in politics or cultural field who commands wide acceptance taking strong stands 
politics	Social media politics of circulation have profound implications fr how academic knowledge is discovered and produced. 
politics	Wambach: Marriage not about politics 
politics	tcot p2 
politics	Politics: Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith (The Arizona Republic): Share With Friends: | | Pol... 
politics	umm im not interested in politics cause for me its pointless to even care about such things 
politics	Die, sick people, die!!! // NYT: Conservative States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	I have a plan been preparing for this since 2000. been into politics since the age of 14 watching CBS news Dad was a libareal . 
politics	Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory. 
politics	Out of the spotlight, Obama nurtures his faith: [...] far away from the public eye, his longtime advisers say,... 
politics	Love and politics. 
politics	Blog: When Greenwalds Attack! 10 Examples From His Past ..#news tcot politics TFB P2 Obama 
politics	Texans Stick With Cruz Despite Defeat - clearly they're not interested in winning a Presidential election ever again 
politics	undiscussable 
politics	unreal how and when govts choose to take a 'principled stance'. Politics as fraud. 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement - 
politics	because as the RSS plays an increasingly open role in politics, it is important to understand its DNA 
politics	Obamacare will likely lead to dropped coverage 
politics	Well done Cherie Booth: Why does The Children and Families Bill fall so short on disabled children's rights? 
politics	Danny Alexander brings home the pork with fuel duty cut in Lib Dem seats 
politics	Wambach: Marriage not about politics - 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostage Syria world sydney politics UN 
politics	my question is all bad people r in power and good people scattered with less power today challenge is politics everyone knows 
politics	Foreign Office secret archive brings a whole new meaning to 'Special Collections'. archives 
politics	Politics: Devolution battle a notch higher as Senate opposes bid to disband TA: A fierce battle looms between ... 
politics	Democratic National Committee leverages big data to turn politics... BigData” 
politics	Politics > Slavery RT These politicians thinks we animals 
politics	GOP Obama Playin Politics While Preachin Peace DHS GOP WALSH 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	Jumpergate. Or how the game of media & politics is played!! 
politics	More insult and derision. Michael Gove: governments must stop lying to children about life chances 
politics	Feminism is for everybody: passionate politics 
politics	Politics National Cyber Security Awareness Month 
politics	John Swinney: Scotland faces years of being "saddled with UK debt" if it fails to escape from the Union 
politics	ANC will ‘win’ 2014 vote, no question about it – Jacob Zuma 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds Syria world sydney politics UN 
politics	Bill de Blasio vows to make Mayor Bloomberg's big soda ban a reality 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran FOX LONDON health, newsfeed politics 
politics	Delhi Assembly: AAP's survey results will help it gather more steam 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Ir Syria health tcot politics newsfeed health, News fail 
politics	Personally I think tis just office politics gone bad. Pity it had to spill over into the public. 
politics	"refusing" to answer to the American people sets a dangerous precedent in American politics. Both sides. Be very afraid. 
politics	Obamacare Will Save Lives: Trying to Kill It Is Cruel, Stupid, and Deadly via 
politics	Andy McSmith's Diary: Even Larry the cat is not safe from factions in Downing Street - 
politics	ok... Rugby on my mind. Politics not my thing. floodies 
politics	Amaechi appears before NHRC, explains petition against Mbu NEWS POLITICS TrendsNG 
politics	Politics 
politics	The politics of finance: Is it time Nigeria rethinks how it shares its revenue 
politics	Osborne: ‘Second-rate Britain’ needs to be more like China...more sweatshops anyone?... 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran Breaking sydney News egypt health, politics newsfeed 
politics	Sigh this politics homework is LONG!!" 
politics	Berlusconi given 2 year suspension from politics is the same as barring Ferguson from football at this stage.. pointless 
politics	Mr president is playing politics on nigeria again. Nigerians people that vote them in should decide not the elite nigeria. 
politics	Like politics? Today UUP conference & speech live 12noon BBC2. Then tomorrow Sunday Pols 11.30 BBC1 reaction to Joe Brolly. 
politics	That incident is pretty much the sum of all my perceptions of NSW politics. 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost FOX sydney newsfeed politics Euronews health, world sms tcot Headline middleeast 
politics	Lord Lester: One of the problems is we live in mass societies with mass politics/production/consumption MediaLaw2013 
politics	Dude! LOL! RT Hehehe who leaked this Ferial letter though? Office politics sometimes."<she was mad af lol 
politics	The Guardian World News // SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog 
politics	New Statesman: The political class is finally waking up to the youth unemployment crisis. youthunemployment NEET 
politics	will be released once required? and on Batla house if everyone was playing politics then how Arvind ji was different? 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost News Belgium Syria Breaking politics newsfeed health middleeast sms tcot FOX 
politics	SAcorrupt, EFF/ANC Different monkey, same zoo.....lol from comments, Diepsloot residents pledge to vote EFF: 
politics	How Eton exam questions train and prepare the Power Elite. SickSadWorld 
politics	It's not every day that the Indian govt and 'exemplary efficiency' occur in the same sentence 
politics	Another article that I thought would find of interest.. 
politics	MP Congress Neta Rameshwar Nikhra - No entry for in MP politics , MP has rejected says Nikhra 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north News politics health LONDON Belgium Headline newsfeed 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district health Syria politics fail 
politics	Washington politics affect real estate market - 
politics	It is bitter truth that North Indians always rule Indian politics Only Canankya Narasimha was able to thwart all attempts 
politics	Armed robber sought by Kingman police - Kingman Daily Miner (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	suaju share media Australian PM Gillard wins leadership vote unopposed - Reuters leadership 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrators news politics humanrights 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district Syria ABC politics AP egypt 
politics	Up to even more dirty tactics- States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law 
politics	While on politics, the greens will be the next democrats. Can't come soon enough. They're redundant & serve no purpose. 
politics	Labour Peer warns of return to "us & them" politics 
politics	There's never been a better time for a national consensus in our nations leadership. Old fashioned divisive politics is killing us. debt 
politics	Democracy, Meaning, & Feeling Insane (or When in doubt,#plant beans) Growth Energy Climate Politics 
politics	I'm not updated on US politics,so I'm just going to treat Obama as an abstract character. 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrators FOX sms egypt politics 
politics	love the misspelling! 
politics	What can we do when he's wrecked it? 
politics	Has Congress always been averse to RSS? 
politics	guy this thing is politics,if u are fighting 4 ASSU,Do u no d way those useless lecturers treat student? Do they come to class? 
politics	US Rep. Bill Young of Florida dies at 82 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ attitude - and be more like China CorpGov 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog The Guardian World News Andrew Sparrow's rolling cov... 
politics	so the thought of an abuse of power in Australian politics is fanciful? 
politics	I think Rafiq Tarar is now out of politics 
politics	San Jose police recruits looking for work in other cities: 
politics	the real status of Bangladeshi politics 
politics	Anyone interested in politics 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal world BBC politics Woman news 
politics	BBC News - Jumpergate - the story that wasn't Down with this sort of thing! 
politics	Fuck politics 
politics	Ukrainian politicians propose holding referendum on banning Communist party, ideology 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostag News AP reuters sydney politics 
politics	The cult of celebrity is stripping politics of its dignity (... and the ... - Daily Mail - Fanuendo 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	OneTermTony 
politics	But wasn't the obligations and hierarchy in services? Doesn't Politics gives more freedom? 
politics	When the left wants a new government program or higher taxes they roll out a poll to try to convince us we want it 
politics	is still lying. How can the electorate know any truths when everything is hidden. NotMyPM auspol 
politics	news Eu - Iran: protesting against Iranian regime in south of Ira health News FOX LONDON politics Belgium 
politics	Politically Aylesbury Vale is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
politics	Is Stephen Harper still a conservative? - social - yes; fiscal - not a chance cdnpoli 
politics	Do adolescents need celebrities to be interested in politics? ybcvie 
politics	Paul Casserly: Campbell vs Bridges 
politics	Yet it's okay for Canadian Forces comms to run on Huawei networks? Hmm. 
politics	James Tilly on the emergence of class politics in Ireland in 2011 using INES data psai2013 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	The 14 Reasons to Deport Illegal Aliens... 
politics	No info on whereabouts of seven Sunni Iranian prisoners of conscience Woman politics News world Syria egypt 
politics	Ivy League News: Nixon branded his envoy to India as traitor: The book is authored by Gary Bass, who is a professor of politics and i... 
politics	abcstudio : A Look at Devotionals That Start Obama's Day: Presidential devotionals: A look at spiritua... dnybm 
politics	Livid. RT The most controversial Newsnight decision since Jeremy Paxman's beard: 
politics	Wow, don't expect David Cameron act in your interests unless you can bribe him with at least half a million quid! 
politics	White House weighs proposal offering Iranian regime slow release of frozen funds FOX sms egypt politics Syria 
politics	Bob Katter and The World KAP will be his undoing. LNP & PUP will make sure of it. RKD Auspol LNPfail OneTermTony 
politics	Do we need more councillors? Time to have your say ticking away... 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian distric LONDON AlJazeera usa politics 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstratio Syria health tcot politics newsfeed health, News 
politics	Inside the mind of an Ayn-Randian: "It's Time: Return of the Atlas Shrugged Guy" - James Fallows - The Atlantic 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north world BBC politics Woman news sms egypt sydney UN 
politics	Shutdown of electronic raffle games cutting into help for vets: A $60 rental application f... | Dispatch Politics 
politics	They march against gay marriage and patronise women in politics. French remind us how ahead (still imperfect) UK is 
politics	Typical West London Tories preparing for more demolition of and eviction from affordable homes 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Woman BBC UN humanrights world Syria ABC politics AP 
politics	Kenya funds lawsuit against Theresa May’s ban on herbal stimulant khat 
politics	Ex-House Speaker Tom Foley dies at 84 
politics	Tories deliberately wrecked more like! 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrato FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	India digging: ASI 4 gold, CBI 4 evidence. AAP 4 clean politics. Congress 4 NaMo burial BJP/RSS for temple. GOD C holes in India 
politics	Coalition needs to watch its step as public reaches limits of capacity to absorb pain - StephenCollins 
politics	After decades not following US prison binge Canada seems set on it just as signs US penal policy changing laws3074 
politics	Full text of the prime minister’s speech Bangladesh Election October25 Politics Hasina AwamiLeague BNP Polls 
politics	Senators pledge to defy White House on Iran sanctions Woman politics News world Syria egypt humanrights 
politics	Grand Homes of America Homes of America's Great Leaders in Business, Society and Politics. 
politics	George Osborne once again showing what a misguided and out-of-touch individual he is. ToryFail 
politics	DigvijaySingh is a person who is neither relevant to state politics nor national politics. Hence, his comments r not taken seriously. 
politics	retired i a s officers should join politics ang should there services to public wiht there exprince and dignity like arvind kezariwal 
politics	Hina Rabbani Khar: Pakistan's hottest economist-turned- politician 
politics	DMR RCTID LineCulture GateThree talking politics JELD-WEN Field 
politics	Independence 'an act of self-belief' - we may not have facts but we've got faith! 
politics	Who is the real Tommy Robinson? - Telegraph edl 
politics	Guy Opperman: the Conservative case for a living wage 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide provin FOX sms egypt politics Syria 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost news politics humanrights CNN sms BBC Woman Belgium UN sydney Iraq Syria world 
politics	That kind thing! Lolz...uon wanna go 'missing' Politics tho. I canttttttt"" 
politics	why not now because it will impact their vote base . This is cheap politics no difference between AAP and congress 
politics	I don't like politics/I don't like communists/I don't like games and fun I don't like anyone/and I'm against it".You've lost me there Joey 
politics	The most controversial Newsnight decision since Jeremy Paxman's beard | New Statesman 
politics	The person below this tweet is trying to act like they know about politics. 
politics	I take this opportunity to remind you of PM's assurance to nation on price rise.Will bring down in 100 days.Its politics friend 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, announces... Teamfollowback 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lo newsfeed sydney News Belgium fail tcot politics Euronews egypt FOX world Breaking 
politics	Tennessee activist: IRS told me �superiors� gave guidance on screening conser... - - AbolishTheIRS with the FairTax 
politics	A son rise in Belgaum politics is Kore-Katti gambit against rivals: Local political circles are abuzz with rum... 
politics	Yep we have never had it so good” OP… 
politics	sounds like the snp are going to announce a date for a thing isn't politics exciting 
politics	You can read my views on pay and my support for livingwage here and here 
politics	Family politics is by far the most common and worst form of politics. fact” 
politics	US teammates marry for love 
politics	Debt ceiling crisis averted, House tea partiers express no regrets via 
politics	Religion,Love,Sport,Weather,Politics,Sex,Culture etc...There has to be a bond,makes following more understandable&meaningful to me.. 
politics	So the British went from "idlers" to "hardworkers" to "second-raters" all in one year. HT 
politics	EXCL Greenpeace blasted for claiming Buckingham Palace will be fracked 
politics	Are you stuck? 
politics	sorrow has engulfed the Malawi’s ruling People’s Party following the death of Kiziti Ngwembe who until his death... 
politics	Great reports on US politics & society by Evan Davis earlier incl congressional gerrymandering & Michael Seidman on guns 
politics	Going to Cleethorpes for the day to support labour. Fancy that, politics and the seaside! 
politics	haha we don't need actors in politics ! We need ppl working for humans n it ll just boost but nt change the basics 
politics	Skinner rightly indignant & furious about the wca esa dwp 
politics	indyref "They've taken our oil revenues and slashed our budget. They've imposed the despicable bedroom... 
politics	Michael Gove: kids - know your place! governments must stop lying to children about life chances 
politics	"Friends who want to stay friends don't discuss religion or politics." 
politics	Maldives police block attempt at presidential vote via 
politics	if mem person like u not joining politics now we should stop dreaming that india cannot change atleast 25 year more 
politics	Vele! RT Unyile ANC will ‘win’ 2014 vote, no question about it – Jacob Zuma: 
politics	Nepotism is favoritism granted in politics or business to relatives regardless of merit. 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics News reuters AP news 
politics	Brown-Chuang affair has MPs wary 
politics	news - Iran: big crowd gathered outside intelligence office against partitioning of the province sms politics 
politics	We chat Specials and ska, Édith Piaf and politics, buying slacks at Austin Reed and why this song is a masterpiece 
politics	Great Way for Local Political Campaigns to Raise Funds Local Politics Campaigns 
politics	HELP THIS CHILD 
politics	Conservative group endorses Matt Bevin in Ky. - AP News - Breaking News 
politics	nastyparty HELPED BY THE MASTER OF THE DARK ARTS: Lib Dems to veto Tory plans to send ‘go home’ vans nationwide 
politics	If Tea Party politicians were really concerned with solving America's problems, they would get out of politics altogether. JustSaying 
politics	Sorry Butty.... It's from - Shocking, I'm surprised there wasn't more coverage of it 
politics	Thomas S. Foley, a Democratic speaker of the House known for his conciliatory leadership style throughout his three 
politics	Mam i dnt agree wid U, people like U should enter into politics. this will be healthy for the county 
politics	Stenographer dragged off House floor after protest 
politics	Politics and Governance 
politics	naming system for extreme storms petition SevereStormNameChange, ClimateChangedeniers, politics, 350org 
politics	Suspect those moaning loudest about Osborne's brutal UK/China comparison probably need to actually *visit* China. 
politics	Shields and Brooks on who will come out ahead after the shutdown 'cease-fire' 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district world politics Belgium tcot 
politics	Not only youth but people of all ages, some one appear in Indian politics to whom the large population love to hear and follow... 
politics	headline and your story are different. Headline is Diepsloot residents vow to vote for EFF: 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace los Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics News reuters AP news sms Syria humanrights sydney 
politics	yeah thats true like in our politics lol 
politics	The more I see, the more I wonder about the connections between politics and property developers. 
politics	If you like China so much why don't you bugger off there. UK can get it's "can do" back without you! 
politics	I respect your decision not to join politics. We need people like you and Anna not as a politician but as a friends. 
politics	Michael Gove: governments must stop lying to children about life chances via 
politics	Rahul Gandhi is a boon for Indian Politics.... FakeItEasy 
politics	2015: PDP crisis threatens Jonathan’s ticket - Ahure 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide province Belgium politics ABC Syria 
politics	people living in in glass houses shouldn't throw stones 
politics	Plz correct me hadn't left the Co. before coming to politics? Now why is he being asked for Engro? 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world politics health LONDON iraq 
politics	so stop tweeting about football and politics too much :P yeh its not cool :P 
politics	Raja Bhaiya gets Food and Civil Supplies portfolio 
politics	JPOST Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief via: 
politics	Cindy Hill champion launches Wyoming secretary of state run - Casper Star-Tribune Online LaramieWY 
politics	Badger cull hit by legal challenge | Guardian 
politics	Just before elections colony roads get renewed, dumps get cleared and bylanes get cemented. If this is not vote bank politics, what is! 
politics	Pentagon to sell bunker busters, cruise missiles to Gulf monarchies in $11bn deal Syria world sydney politics UN 
politics	in fact Kanpur was one of the most industrialized city long time back. Bad politics made it urban hell. Shame on SP/BSP/Cong 
politics	Hate politics but love the money it brings!! 
politics	see comments Cllr Smith joins Tories/Lib Dems in attacking Labour, forgetting his abstention let Tories take power. 
politics	'Cameron accused of ‘back door’ ploy to restore fox hunting ' 
politics	UC is New Born Kid in that Profession So KZ plz ignore his thoughts, One day he will understand Int'l Politics  
politics	[What is the medical reason for a heart device to have a wireless function?...] 
politics	Vote Yes for "real and lasting cut" in energy bills says Sturgeon via 
politics	A weird one including much judicial strangeness over real/fiction distinction: 
politics	I'm talking about ideals not party politics. Because frankly British party politics is disgusting. 
politics	They dunno the difference between politics n' ethics 
politics	PowerOfACommonMan When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; But when we get into politics, we are satisfied with the common man. 
politics	George Osborne says ‘second-rate Britain’ must rediscover its ‘can do’ 
politics	Will see about that, coz I know not with my vote ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	Lovely write up on fav city in my fav paper but I could have helped out a bit with the naive view on welsh politics 
politics	It's not politics now. It's about very basic rights. 
politics	IMMIGRATION: 600,000 unemployed EU migrants now living in UK. 
politics	The Use & Abuse of Memory: Interpreting WW2 in Contemporary European Politics by Christian Karner & Bram Mertens 
politics	On Sunday Politics LDN at 11 tmrw: fraud in councils & mayoral accountability w & bbcsp 
politics	French MP clucking at woman in parliament sparks anger over sexism via 
politics	More evidence that money drives politics and that the far right knows no limits via 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost News politics health LONDON Belgium Headline newsfeed Breaking fail sydney world 
politics	you sh'd read this RT The Eton Scholarship Question: this is how the British elite are trained to think 
politics	Imran Khan is still Child in Politics :- Khursheed Shah.lolzz coz guy wont bow to u corrupt goats.look whos talking 
politics	twitter is a place for : FANGIRLING !!!!!<3 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog RT UK 
politics	Dutch Mull Commandos, Attack Helicopters for Mali World Politics 
politics	Tories defend them - Labour doesn't - that's the issue 
politics	Video: Senator Coons warns about threat of default senate politics 
politics	Cue people reading a lot into it and applying to Federal politics in 3... 2... 
politics	Even sites that meld Tech and mainstream news/culture, like The Verge and Kotaku, avoid politics like the plague. 
politics	I respect Kiran's decision not to join politics.She is more valuable outside then inside!! 
politics	news - Angry people of Bandar Abbas rallied against separation of Persian district world politics health LONDON 
politics	Maryam Rajavi’s Ten Point Plan for Future Iran Woman politics News world Syria egypt humanrights reuters AP 
politics	Creativity builds a nation.. Africa is great..Nigeria is great.. God bless art . Science, politics... God bless d spoken word 
politics	Shutdown politics: Romanticism, meet reality | The Economist 
politics	NB. SouthAfrica - The illicit global drug trade makes up at least 1% of TOTAL GLOBAL TRADE. politics TreatAddictionAsAHealthIssue 
politics	'We are losing the war on obesity': Bill de Blasio vows to make Mayor Bloomberg's big soda ban a reality 
politics	Church of Ireland row over sectarianism comments by Dublin archbishop | 
politics	Abe to retain Japan’s past WW2 apology statements - 
politics	Brilliant evening with in Washford Lots of good company, good politics. Stephen even has family links in W. Som! 
politics	As winter nears, milk mafia fears rise among transporters 
politics	that's just how it should be. To much politics involved , things need to change 
politics	Politics *sigh* 
politics	PolitiFact: Recaps of our recent fact checks 
politics	It's a worry when the AFP are playing politics. Who has that much to lose? 
politics	Agree dude .. Does it really matter that everyone needs to jump in Politics bandwagon ??? 
politics	it was the threat of military action that changed Syria not miliband playing politics with lives of children 
politics	Relief goods are being hoarded by LGU's! Volunteers are disheartened by this game of politics! Inuuna nila ka-alyado nila 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog: Andrew Sparrow's rolling coverage of the SNP... 
politics	Indian democracy politics 
politics	Alauddin ka petromax. 'Give us charge for 1 year. If we aren't able to control the mafia here, I'll quit politics,' Kalyan singh 
politics	FO hoarding 1m historic files in secret archive calls into question whole handling of Govt records 
politics	Iraqi Kurdistan dignitaries and organizations call for release of Ashrafi hostages Belgium BBC Iraq CNN politics 
politics	SNP conference - Alex Salmond's speech: Politics live blog | Guardian 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost News Headline newsfeed Belgium world tcot Euronews health, middleeast politics 
politics	Amid GOPee struggles, Jeb Bush focuses on education 
politics	i think i became a music snob when i realized music is also politics and philosophy 
politics	Rs 717 crore for 3 drinking water pjcts in TN 
politics	is excavation pe serious politics hai..save my tweet 
politics	What has Gove learnt on his trip to US? According to Guardian, not much. Though he was impressed by robotic lesson 
politics	Fabulous profile. How Obama views his role and how he make decisions 
politics	Gun rights rally to break century-long Alamo tradition: 
politics	Blame government's reckless management of economy for hardships - John Boadu. Ghana 
politics	Cyprus approves creation of a support base for Syria chemical weapons missi LONDON News sydney health politics 
politics	Your Morning Dooley 
politics	Gun Control - An argument in favor? - Page 5 (politics): ...that system, they say that it never once solved a ... 
politics	he said leave the politics to mad men she said i believe your lies 
politics	Manish Tewari is Aurangzeb of Indian politics. A coward, Liar who starts whr Digvijay ends. Dilli saltanat k Darbari, Idiots!! 
politics	Bernie Sanders: "Today, what corporations are paying into the U.S. Treasury, as a percentage of GDP, is lower ... 
politics	Rare saber-tooth whale found dead on Venice Beach in Southern California politics nascar 
politics	news Eu - Iran: Protest in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX health fail 
politics	Which fighter jets should Canada buy? Boeing on why Super Hornets trump F-35s 
politics	TheNews A look at devotionals that start Obama's day: Each morning for the past five years, before most of hi... 
politics	Oh fuck off. Take your disgusting agenda elsewhere. 
politics	Jobs for the boys - encore 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration sms politics sydney LONDON Euronews google 
politics	Turkey: Israel behind smear campaign against Erdogan's intelligence chief: Turkish daily Hurriyet quotes... JPost 
politics	‘Dot Scot’ internet domain given go-ahead: 
politics	Azeri Strongman Sworn in after Criticized Poll World Politics 
politics	Many US Senators Oppose Ratifying UN Arms Trade Treaty politics nascar 
politics	Pleb Michael Portillo withdraws claim Mitchell used 'pleb' in private speech via 
politics	Address real issues like corruption, development, criminal in politics, jobs, inflation, food inflation, lal battis 
politics	Cameron backs offensive and threatening 'go home' text msgs via incompetent system. 
politics	Iranian president criticizes former rounds of nuclear talks 
politics	BBC News/UK:- Labour MP Doran announces retirement 
politics	White House tours will restart Nov. 5 on a 'limited basis'. 
politics	You must be using a fairly narrow definition of "politics" here. You mean like governmental? 
politics	Graham Annesley resigned to take up a job with the Gold Coast Titans. Didn't care for the rough and tumble of politics 
politics	Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift 
politics	BACK TO BUSINESS? 
politics	Competition: Shakespeare does Dallas | Spectator Blog 
politics	All I want to do is talk about politics 😔 
politics	you stick to talking complete shite rather than politics son. Maybe in the next life eh. 
politics	A real saving for people. Not a shortpopulist freeze that only lasts a year. Well done SNP, working for the... 
politics	such a good text this deserves another tweet: JudithButler 'Bodies in Alliance and the Politics of the Street' 
politics	"Do protest films like Project Wild Thing change anything?" Raise awareness? 
politics	Obama administration to restart White House tours 
politics	politics: poli, meaning many; and tics. Meaning blood sucking parasites. 
politics	Scottish National party conference: the descant of political reality | Martin Kettle via 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran world politics Belgium tcot middleeast 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddli news politics humanrights CNN 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in north Syria world sydney politics UN AP Belgium News Iraq 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diploma News AP reuters sydney politics egypt UN news Iraq 
politics	you better be able 2talk about consciousness, politics, economics, aliens, the universe, other deep stuff for hours”👏 
politics	"Schwarzenegger denies he’s aiming for president" 
politics	Book shows history of region's politics: The Poughkeepsie Journal's newest book is available for p... jerseycity 
politics	After reading HRW report on notorious Maekelawi prison, i guess i am frustrated more than ever abt EPRDF. Very close to quitting politics. 
politics	Michael Gove learns no obvious lessons on Boston fact-finding trip via no surprises, education isn't easy! 
politics	I had a dream there was a visitor in politics class and they had a can of sprite and I drunk it I must have been thirsty as fuck 
politics	<<< studied Taurus enjoys talking about the meaning of life, philosophy, art, and politics." 
politics	Egyptian politicians want to preserve male privilege & excluding women from politics is the most effective way of doing so WomansRights 
politics	US Rep. CW Bill Young dies at 82 - Washington PostUS Rep. CW Bill You... tcot tlot ocra 
politics	YGC2 Round4 : User Exprience starts after the short lunch break. First team is Phoenix. Open Politics YGC2 
politics	Govt chooses confrontation: BNP | Dhaka Tribune via 
politics	You all probably thinking, "Who is this young man talking about goddamn Politics?!" Well it just me, one of the many voice of people. Peace! 
politics	The wordoftheday is EXTREMISM, the politics of having arms and legs and other limbs and fighting to keep them. 
politics	OperationUntilJesusComesBack? ANC will ‘win’ 2014 vote, no question about it – Jacob Zuma: 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX health 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diplom Belgium politics ABC Syria egypt Woman Iraq UN News 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diplomat LONDON News sydney health politics Syria Headline 
politics	Bill de Blasio vows to make Mayor Bloomberg's big soda ban a reality - New York Daily News 
politics	Politics: North Korea threaten 'all-out war' 
politics	Modi rally in Kanpur today, he will target Muslims, youth 
politics	Schwarzenegger denies he’s aiming for president - "He'll not be back!" Ouf ! 
politics	BBCNews Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Doran, a... WorldRSSFeeds 
politics	exactly. Just to satisfy public opinion. Terrible, daily-mail-pandering politics. Appalling. 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost world BBC politics Woman news sms egypt sydney UN humanrights AP Belgium CNN 
politics	Politics is for pussies. 
politics	Just share the pic 
politics	Are we lying to our children about life chances? 
politics	My column in today's Telegraph on the politics of naming memorials: 
politics	Writing Prompt 18: Office Politics - The Renegade Word | 
politics	Couple Sells Baby for iPhone...: Couple Sells Baby for iPhone...(Second column, 7th story, link) 
politics	A much needed political transformation is here... A welcome move. 
politics	mbaya, what you are suggesting is cosmetic and will not heal the deep seated suspicion and hatred…" — Fireman 
politics	A Few Were Even Laughing: Help Me Understand Why Some Black Folks Were Crying at and Shocked by the Violence in... 
politics	Tribal politics ThingsThatWorkBetterThanCongress NativeProblems to a restructured deal for McKinnie to remain a Raven 
politics	Honesty yet to come into politics, 100 yr age max not factor (NO est of Insurance Value Legal) %BrainShrinkage %HeartFailure; 
politics	A Generation of Intellectuals Shaped by 2008 Crash Rescues Marx From History’s Dustbin 
politics	In one hour 'Capitalism, Crisis & the Politics of Technology' Room 2.40, 11 a.m. not in the programme, but is on the website 
politics	just came back from "how to get elected" training from Cen for Amer Women in Politics! 
politics	it was lovely talking about history, economy and politics with them 
politics	Exposed: a gaping split in the coalition - over Larry the Downing Street cat. 
politics	who cares abt bilawal,dead body politics is over.time to let bhutto go and move on from this name politics 
politics	In agro & politics the danger of monocultures; diversity is growth interesting parallel by Freidman: 
politics	What about in relation to anybody whose politics you disagree with? 
politics	Injunction issued against Arizona's higher campaign-contribution limits 
politics	1/2 The Professional Heckler: Politicking the Humor, Humoring the Politics. . Another article for you 
politics	You cannot fail to be staggered by China 
politics	On the ruthless effort to distort reality on Medicaid expansion and the citizens who help to do it door to door: 
politics	"I don’t think anyone wants politics to be open only to those people who were planning their political careers in their teens." -> 
politics	GOP establishment lashes out at its conservative wing as Republican divide deepens 
politics	I think it's enough to want to know who is trying to manipulate our politics and how they're trying to do it. 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district LONDON AlJazeera usa politics 
politics	Millions of Iraqis rally in protest camps against Maliki’s policies & Iran’s meddling world BBC politics Woman 
politics	Fucking hate politics & politicians.. 
politics	Dozens dead in Syria’s Aleppo as world pushes peace talks Woman politics News Syria egypt humanrights 
politics	The key lies more on the clear-mindset n concious of both company's executives n government officials 2not mix great business w politics? 
politics	NidhiRazdaan unprofessional harangue for a meaningless, failed political ideology bad! 
politics	of smaller parties is being 
politics	Miriam Lord’s Week: The lives of De Udders via 
politics	Advice:To reach very fast in National Power holding Politics, AAP & BJP Delhi require more efforts in Gandhi Nagar & Luxmi Nagar AC 2 win 
politics	No, You Can’t Just Go to the Emergency Room—Unless You Want to Go Broke Failure2Report 
politics	Salmond speech to SNP conference: Yes vote will be act of national self-confidence and self-belief snp13 indyref 
politics	Secrecy? Why? They always do the same thing regardless...blame everything on the ALP. Troglodyte Politics at its best 
politics	Minister calls for review of 15-minute care visits | Guardian 
politics	Cheney feared heart device would be used in assassination effort Fox News 
politics	politics Nigeria - everybody wants the ball, but how many know what do with the ball? do they even know where the goalpost is? 
politics	Alt. images of gender in Times Square. Maybe useful for NY fieldtrip if u do politics of this space? 
politics	news Eu - Iran, Bandar Abbas: anti-government demonstration middleeast newsfeed world egypt LONDON politics 
politics	people wishes Dealers like Thasmeen get lost from Maldives Politics 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on world AP reuters iranelection politics 
politics	in the politics for now. 
politics	"[Sophie Mirabella] told us people were not interested in politics." How Cathy McGowan won Indi indivotes 
politics	Sack CM Kiran Kumar Reddy first for any Telangana solution: KC Deo 
politics	Is this about grade inflation or need 4 employability + PSHE? Gove: governments must stop lying about life chances 
politics	It's time to end London's motherhood penalty - New Statesman 
politics	Toll in Uttar Pradesh illicit liquor tragedy climbs to 37 - Economic Times 
politics	The political class is finally waking up to the youth unemployment crisis... 
politics	I just wished for: 'Masters of the Universe: Hayek, Friedman, and the Birth of Neoliberal Politics' via 
politics	That letter is fire tho. Hehehe who leaked this Ferial letter though? Office politics sometimes.” 
politics	BBC News - Alan Milburn says child poverty 'no longer problem of the workless and work-shy' 
politics	OmieStore Labour MP Doran announces retirement: The Labour MP for Aberdeen North, Frank Dora... via 
politics	auspol The precise one of the Press Gallery is 'more economic reform will require less combative politics' 
politics	PM SheikhHasina’s speech lacks clarity: Jatiya Party. SaveBangladesh Oct25. 
politics	My seco… 
politics	Playing dirty: The politics of contradiction by karolSlater's track record speaks for itself. As t... newzealand 
politics	MSN CBS 
politics	Dammmn... Obama's speechwriter... Maybe I should think about going into politics... 
politics	KUNA : Ban receives Egypt message on WMD-free Mideast - Politics 
politics	Out of the Spotlight, Obama Nurtures His Faith 
politics	news Eu - People protesting against Iranian regime in south of Iran sms Syria politics tcot Breaking FOX 
politics	Bill Young remembered for his 43 years in Congress 
politics	or in Politics....on Twitter...btw I'm really a woman... 
politics	The Abbott government fiddles while NSW burns auspol 
politics	Not sure I want to take advice from a chancellor who thinks our finest moments as a country came under Thatcher. 
politics	If we lie to the government, it's a crime. If they lie to us its politics." 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on LONDON AlJazeera usa politics Breaking 
politics	722 suspects rejoin terror groups after acquittal in Pak 
politics	We are still busy finding solace in the politics of Religion, tribe and political affiliation. Whr will anger come from? 
politics	Here we go.. when u tweet anything about politics.. there are ppl ready to bash u online!! ppl get a life!! C'mon it was *just* a tweet!! 
politics	How unfortunate RT ANC 'will win' 2014 elections, says Zuma 
politics	Obama's legacy: A welfare nation with the majority on food stamps | Fox News via 
politics	The cult of celebrity is stripping politics of its dignity (... and the ... - Daily Mail: Daily MailThe cult o... 
politics	New Africa Focus blog looks politics economic analysis current affairs 
politics	Remains of a dictatorship should never be allowed to create a political party and engage in politics. 
politics	NH clerk: I was fired for pulling gun on robber - Las Vegas Sun (Latest) politics nascar 
politics	When spirituality and religious faith become subservient to politics, all of them suffer in terms of value. 
politics	SNP13: is UK's most successful party, with half an eye on indyref defeat, writes 
politics	Foley foresaw today's problems for Congress leaders via 
politics	I get tired of politics ALL the time... 
politics	NO IT'S ABOUT DANISH POLITICS AND POLITICAL MEDIA. 
politics	I think you should join politics and head a new political party. 
politics	news Eu - Widespread demonstration in southern Iran city goes on FOX LONDON health, newsfeed politics egypt 
politics	Nuclear deal with Iran not close: senior Western diplomat Syria world sydney politics UN AP Belgium News 
politics	UK shd adopt Asian culture of caring for elderly = "We'll defund services & blame you" 
politics	Dozens killed in Iraqi violence in capital and in nor news politics humanrights CNN sms BBC Woman Belgium UN 
politics	Politics News: Americans find little to cheer in deal to end fiscal crisis: poll 
politics	[but we do now live in an "us & them" economy]… 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Iran health Syria politics fail middleeast 
politics	Over 2,000 people in Iran’s southern Hormozgan protest regime plan to divide provinc FOX sydney newsfeed politics 
politics	Sheldon Silver says he hasn't spoken to friend accused of stealing $5 million from charity 
politics	I honestly miss not doing politics this year. Can't wait till June to pick it back up again. 
politics	Abe to retain Japan’s past apology statements - AJW by The Asahi Shimbun 
politics	Pork barrel politics from Lib Dems - A Fuel Discount For Rural Communities 8 of 10 areas have Lib Dem MPs - pathetic 
politics	Shutdown Showdown Widened GOP-Tea Party Rift: Shutdown showdown widened GOP-tea party rift ahead of tough deba... 
politics	WATCH: Asheville, NC Register Accepts Marriage Applications from 10 Same ... 
politics	It's time to end London's motherhood penalty - New Statesman London 
politics	If we lie to the government, it's a crime. If they lie to us its politics. Kim Dotcom 
politics	Dan Gurney for Pres!! Bumper Stickers Zazzle politics 
politics	AmaXhosa ne nyama! Ihyo! Develop minds, not stomachs – DA on Eastern Cape’s ‘whopping’ catering bill | City Press 
politics	Chinese Mayor Fired for Corruption 
politics	All I wanna see is you and me go on forever like the clear blue sky - Trying to change your mind about politics, as if 
politics	In order to cut costs in these difficult times, George Osborne has removed the need to pay satirical writers. 
politics	news Eu - Iran: angry demonstration in Bandar Abbas, south of Ir Syria health tcot politics newsfeed health, 
politics	Iraq: War won, peace lost Syria Belgium reuters UN BBC CNN news egypt politics humanrights News sydney 
politics	A day of politics and sociology awaits me 🙆💁💁🙅 
politics	For me even if is unknown App I dont care, as long it serves me without any issues and I have nothing to hide fact Politics mob 
politics	1.8-million-year-old skull shakes mankind’s family tree politics nascar 
politics	Labour MP Doran announces retirement 
politics	needs to follow a rules of politics as they doing the poltics in a chidlish way which is not good for the society 
politics	Pardon my language but what a snivelling little shit. "Gove: governments must stop lying to children about chances 
politics	De Blasio agrees with Bloomberg on big soda ban 
politics	Stick to politics Jess, where your lies are your truth. CO2 higher now than any time humans existed 
politics	Congo Rebels Expect 'Major Breakthroughs' in Peace Talks World Politics 
politics	news Eu - Demonstration against mullahs’ regime for separate of Persian district Syria health tcot politics 
politics	Bandar Abbas residents continue protests; regime anti-riot forces attack demonstrators world BBC politics Woman 
politics	Good piece on jumpergate, illuminating the process by which a non-story becomes a headline: 
politics	States Are Focus of Effort to Foil Health Care Law - 
politics	I don't like politics but it was a little scary 2 hear about a potential bankruptcy in USA! It's not just your problem U know 
politics	Then it doesn't match the rhetoric about coalition politics imo and won't provide coherent government. 
politics	anyone who's doing as politics could you recommend any good websites to use to prepare for exam questions? 
politics	East Coast rail 'sales pitch leaked' 
politics	Press,religion and politics are tributaries of status quo which is midwife of extremism.I hope to unravel the mystery ASAP 
sports		
sports		Hey the sports team is winning so far! sports goroar with the swagoo and Jason heuvos 
sports		Sports: Tainted liquor kills 32 in northern India 
sports		Cardinals win NLCS, head to World Series: ST. LOUIS -- Wave goodbye to flash and flair. Say hello, once again,... 
sports		IND 87/4 
sports		Good luck to all sports people today, be sure to work hard and don't hardly work rugbyfamily lacrosse netball hockey GAA 
sports		3d f7 9a ce 71 ef 6a ca 
sports		2013 New Fashion Women Vintage Floral Casual Canvas Sports School Bag Backpack $18.99 bookbags backpack 
sports		New Seamless Racerback Sports Bra Light Exercise Yoga Fitness Top Non-Padded yoga 
sports		UAE 2013: Golden Eaglets get Norwegian referee for Mexico clash 
sports		Racking up the wins! 
sports		I need sky sports in my house for the rugby arghhhh 
sports		Ind 92/4 
sports		Did you see this in Sky Sports? famousmum 
sports		Great article on St. Louis own Keep working hard!! Stl 
sports		canada NFL: Former NFL coach Bum Phillips dead at 90: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... Toronto 
sports		Follow FollowBack Footy Football Keyrings Sports AVFC MUFC AFC CFC MCFC Chelsea Villa ManU ManCity Arsenal Pls RT!!!!!! 
sports		ILLGRILLS The Beast custom Adult mouth guard, MMA, Wrestling, Football, Rugby an $19.99 football sports 
sports		miss you on ESPN! My sports world crush lol 
sports		UCF-Louisville Preview 
sports		11 Function Foldable Stainless Steel Army EVHF Saber Pocket Knife $3.99 sports tools 
sports		With his tramp blue shirt over his pikey sports tracksuit. 
sports		Viral on Google News: After Grambling player revolt, game at Jackson State canceled - USA TODAY 
sports		what kind of lunatic pollie throws away a 21% margin to manage a dinky sports team!? 
sports		Up watching sports center 🏀🏈⚾️🏉 
sports		Ready As Roma H/A 
sports		See: 
sports		3rd ODI: India lose Dhawan in 2nd over cricket 
sports		2nd Nov Chislehurst fireworks display, Old Elthamians Sports Club, Perry Street. Limited numbers - arrive early! 
sports		Cardinals rough up Kershaw, headed to World Series (The Associated Press): ST. LOUIS (AP) -- Clayton Kershaw w... 
sports		Roma extend 100% start with Napoli win football soccer sports athletics athletes  
sports		...HANAI PLS... 
sports		fuck... sports clinic aint opening til tomorrow 😞 
sports		NLCS: Cardinals romp over Kershaw, Dodgers to advance to World Series 
sports		Going sports direct early in the morning just to buy some grey joggers specifically for today's game commitment? 
sports		It's so dead not having Sky Sports” 
sports		GQSport 5205-1 Leather Wrist Fitness Gloves Sports Gloves Biker Gloves X 1 $7.99 gym equipment 
sports		Our Town sports: Regis goes to 5-0 in Tri-River with 60-15 win vs. Santiam (1-4). Kennedy 3-1 after 49-0 win vs. Culver. 
sports		I think the whole GA thing is cute why doesn't all sports have it it woulda been sick if we did that for boys bball last year 
sports		Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence 
sports		Shane Watson sends back Rohit Sharma, India two down in 3rd ODI: India lost their second wicket when Shane Wat... 
sports		Just posted a video สนามกีฬาสมโภชเชียงใหม่ 700 ปี (700th Anniversary Chiangmai Sports Complex) 
sports		Mike Napoli of the Red Sox eager to return to the World Series - Boston Globe RedSox 
sports		Cantect#03443151150 
sports		been disappointed with BT Sports 
sports		Covering Jarrovians today for & All the live updates across at rugby sport 
sports		This is what baseball is all about! What a great series so far! (MLB -ALCS) 
sports		13 LOT COUGAR GOLF CLUB GAP WEDGE 51 DEGREE STAINLESS STEEL SOFT CAST TECHNOLOGY $139.73 Golf sports 
sports		Wambach says marriage not about politics via 
sports		Over 13 
sports		Video: Are you the Canadian-born Magnum MK5 sports car [UPDATE] 
sports		Springfield: Game of the Week highlights: SHG 67, Glenwood 35 
sports		Betting News : Villas-Boas makes Lennon admission: Andre Villas-Boas has suggested Aaron ... AutoFollow Sports 
sports		Idea for twitter: gmail style tabs where anyone's tweets mentioning any kind of sports team or event are filtered out of view. 
sports		A_SHEHZAD 
sports		(sports) 
sports		MS Dhoni 0 Not Out 
sports		Completely messed up my ankle, THIS IS WHY I AVOID PARTICIPATING IN SPORTS 
sports		I checked in at The FIX Sports Lounge and Nightclub on Yelp 
sports		Affordable Boy's Skate Sneakers Shoes Skate Sports Shoes Designs 
sports		Right getting my sports photog face on .. v today .. I expect a few goals, hoping at my end 
sports		Make history 
sports		Tracked 34.4 km of Running with Sports Tracker 
sports		Looks the collision was not too harsh. 
sports		At leasy liverpool is on bt sports 
sports		I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "PTV Sports Pics (Part III)" 
sports		Loving sports is a prerequisite in living there. Breathe a word otherwise and you may not see the end of the day! 
sports		THIS UPDATE BY 
sports		News iphone5 ipad 
sports		Prerna defends national tennis title 
sports		"I was 16. After 10 min I was completely red and tired because I was so nervous" 
sports		College goalies get taste of NHL (The Associated Press): hockey 
sports		south beach son want me to gwt you at the sports club then 
sports		PAK_ODI_TEAM 
sports		BOYBANDER OR HOT MODEL FOR SPORTS ADVERTISEMENT” THE WORLD MAY NEVER KNOW 
sports		Sunne tangge... Running 7.3 km in 00:47:00 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		MyLifeInOneWord God, Sports, Music, Exo, 1D, 
sports		Swiss Alpine team looks for answers as Winter Olympics nears: Sochi2014 
sports		Find a top rated California Podiatrist for Foot Problems Surgery Sports Injuries Bunions and More. G 
sports		Sharad Pawar elected unopposed as MCA president: Mumbai, Oct 19: Ravi Savant and Vijay Patil, who led two rival.. 
sports		Twitter is always disappointing on a Saturday with sports info that I have no clue about. Down with football! 
sports		sports xtra for the boy then we have to get a bd pressie for a party is slinging a desk together! 
sports		Shane Victorino to Detroit fans: "Shut the f*** up, I'll make you my b****" 
sports		Bolumole ends tenure as SONigeria National Director 
sports		Hahaha was totally mooned by a cricket player today on purpose. 
sports		club night.... The Royal Bangkok Sports Club (ราชกรีฑาสโมสร) w/ 3 others) 
sports		VTG Butwin Union Game Used Worn High School Football Over Jersey Jacket $24.95 sports Vintage 
sports		Good morning- Expose your child to a wide variety of experiences - music, sports, museums, travel, reading, games, puzzles... 
sports		They talking bout Kentucky on sports center I'm lowkey ready for college basketball this year KU Kentucky Conner all that 🏀🏀🏀🏀 
sports		IIAAG Volleyball Quarterfinals Update: 
sports		Cardinals rough up Kershaw, headed to World Series 
sports		OVER 16.2 
sports		Yes, I am. ^^ 
sports		3) Sports 
sports		Post Edited: EA Sports Active More Workouts – Nintendo Wii [Download .torrent] 
sports		[Philstar com] Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers: CHICAGO -- Derrick Rose scored 32 points, including e... 
sports		PAKvsSA 
sports		Check out "Rafael Nadal won't play Swiss Indoors next week" at Tennis 
sports		2- Nasir Jamshed 
sports		Records 
sports		MS Dhoni has 'Vision 2015' in his mind - Times of India dhoni msd cricket 
sports		Guardian >> Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web 
sports		Look no further! Camping deals on camping lanterns, See deals now! 
sports		Bum Phillips, Colorful Football Coach, Dies at 90 - A good obit & decent coach. Steelers fans will love the epitaph. 
sports		Ind 109/4 
sports		[News Update] Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web 
sports		Moyes: Januzaj’s future is with Manchester United The Red Devils bo... Soccer TruOptik 
sports		I was involved in 8 training sessions/matches in 5 days in 3 different sports this week 
sports		More success for model organization Dodgers [FOX Sports] 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lanc... Sports Comment 
sports		CFB committee appears trustworthy - We live in an age where everything in sports is... 
sports		Nice poetry 
sports		South Africa await stork's arrival as Amla returns home 
sports		Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers via ThePhilStar 
sports		The Mathias Bilenberg Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		i will never get over the amount of cute blush oofuri manages to get away with as a seinen sports manga 
sports		Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 (Yahoo Sports) HOUSTON (AP) -- Bum Phillips, the folksy Texas football... 
sports		Love, family, friends, sports, nature, hiking, food, and sex. These are a few of my favorite things. 
sports		Virat Kohli : 31/30 
sports		John Kariuki: Tragedy of boxing champ basking in fame amid abject poverty - Other Sports - 
sports		Sports: Because human beings need more reasons to hate total strangers. 
sports		and in sports: Sage Karam vs. Gabby Chaves: The rest of the story (sports): Share With Friends: | | ... sports 
sports		Games vs. Redskins, Packers will say a lot about Bears: Chicago Sun-Times » 
sports		One thing I love about my FAM is, its all fun and games until we talk sports. 
sports		thanks for airing the UCFvsLOU game twice! Loved watching the upset 2x in less than 12 hours. 
sports		Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence Cricket 
sports		MATCH DAY Sports fans! 
sports		can I get a RT... 
sports		Blue Devils amass record 672 total yards against Chiefs 
sports		4-... 
sports		Time to get back in condition. Lets get ready for december. fit balikalindog Elorde Sports Center) 
sports		Back from sports , cool day outchea 
sports		130903 EXO at Idol Sports Championship - weareexotics: TAKE ME OUT 
sports		Snd To 40404 
sports		nice jokes 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a quad-core... tech 
sports		OVER 17 
sports		then idk . i hate water sports 
sports		How the Bears and Redskins match up: Chicago Sun-Times » 
sports		BY MIR 
sports		Chris Legge is shortlisted for the Rushcliffe Sports Awards 'Community Coach of the Year'. Good luck on 21st Nov Leggey! 
sports		Sports Betting Profits. 
sports		V Kohli 34* 
sports		Newcastle v Liverpool is live tomorrow at 7:45 AM ET on NBC Sports Network + NBC Sports Live Extra. LFCUSA" 
sports		The Data Story Behind "Keys to the Match" analytics” a good read for Tennis / Sports fans 
sports		Big 12 Weekly Look: Is there a run-game resurgence in the Big 12? 
sports		Sky Sports: Flamini: Return is so special 
sports		Pentair 27002-0100S Filter Module Replacement Sta-Rite Pool and Spa D.E… 
sports		Check out "Townsend signs new four-year contract with Tottenham" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Matt Hamill's love of competition keeps bringing him back to Octagon for more punishment (Yahoo Sports).. MMA UFC 
sports		Ressies AWAY to Charlton KO 14:30 
sports		I've been explaining to kids in the pub the concept of sportsphone and chartphone - premium numbers to get sports scores and the top ten! 
sports		nice news 
sports		N_JAMSHED 
sports		I'm at spes sports studio 
sports		Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in miniskirts and heels RT 
sports		[UK GUARDIAN] Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web 
sports		Check this Amir `praying` to earn ICC reprieve to play domestic cricket: Banned... SuryaRay India 
sports		Lillard, Blazers rally to top Jazz in preseason 
sports		USA TODAY Sports college football staff picks - USA TODAY 
sports		PLANET BIKE TRIPPY HANDLEBAR GRIPS, BLUE BLACK 10 SETS , NEW FREE PRIORITY SHIP $59.99 sports sportinggoods 
sports		Happy Saturday! We recommend swinging by our shop, to check out our latest deals! 
sports		Former Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 - 
sports		is there BT sports at the club? 
sports		Ski Holiday for Two - If you need a getaway and you're a winter sports enthusiast, enter to win this amazing Ski H... 
sports		Eaglets begin hunt for fourth gold 
sports		haha it's only iPod saved ! Ill bring speakers 
sports		I'm reading... New Zealand beats Australia 41-33 in Bledisloe Cup: DUNEDIN, New Zealand (A... sports newzealand 
sports		3 former Finnish skiers sentenced in doping case via 
sports		Ini baru badminton beneran 💪💪💪 (with Gland, Milkha, and 3 others at Pola Bugar Sports Club) — 
sports		Why the hell has BT Sports scraped in on the football? I have Sky not shitty BT. Fucking up the system. 
sports		Al Wakrah first up for champs El Jaish in Federation Cup 
sports		Welcome attorney, Sports Agent, Serial Entrepreneur, Humor Book Author and Crowdfunding Experet--> 
sports		NSSSaturdaySportsTicker fast,easy wayto get all sports stories,scores as they happen 
sports		Literally.. Not only are me and my friends on ESPN, sports center highlights, but now trending on Facebook.. COME ON 
sports		getting buzz sports is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Head down for live football today folks! We have Sky Sports HD and BT Sport, best atmosphere in town )) 
sports		A champion shows who he when he's tested When a person gets up & says I can still do it, He's a CHAMPION. -Evander Holyfield 
sports		iScore Basketball Scorekeeper 
sports		MasjidUsSalaam view from the sports ground. 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web - The Guardian (blog... WSWPGuild 
sports		Absolutely glorious that I've managed to get sky sports working. Cycle in the gym, dinner, nufc vs lfc, Jeff, bed. 👌 
sports		The Ugly Stereotyping Of Adrian Peterson 
sports		Come to FreeLuckyBet for free sports betting tips and reviews 
sports		Amla may miss second Test against Pak 
sports		Who wins if Andrew Luck was on the Broncos, and Peyton Manning was still in Indy? Find out here vía 
sports		Sky Sports Fantasy Football Show, you never seen it? 
sports		OVER 11 
sports		U_AKMAL(WK 
sports		Quotes: This is my midlife crisis, I couldn't get a sports car, They wonGirl, are you sure you weren't made in China? 
sports		Ind 98/4 (20 ov), Dhoni 15(33), Virat Kohli 38(39). Kohli was dropped on 35 by Haddin off Doherty. cricket 
sports		For fantastic camping gear deals on best Men's Hiking Clothing, Compare prices, 
sports		Ind Vs Aus 
sports		BREAKING NEWS: Adnan Januzaj signs five-year Manchester United contract 
sports		LOL!! SPORTS HEAD BASKETBALL WITH DOJGE!! Ü 
sports		Well done to our Tag Rugby team who won the tournament at Claremount Specialist Sports College. 
sports		Custom Sports Shirts Embroidery Hats And Much More!!: "id":"3511860978""title":"Custom sports… 
sports		On sale now amazing sports book today on - Quarterback Stats from 1960-2010 
sports		eyy ai doing promotion hence my sports shoes was....... -_-|| dat adidas shoes price rm159 and offered rm59 ..... i shud juz buy 'em!!!! 
sports		Basket Euroleague Basketball Friday Recap - Regular Season, Week 1 - Euroleague Basketball Sports Video S... 
sports		>SPORTS 
sports		"AuS_vS_IND" 
sports		Mitchell Johnson, 76/3 IndvAus cricket 
sports		Easy Spirit 0713MSU496 White Athletic Running Women Shoes 6 M $51.39 sports shoe 
sports		Ase mo states ntanga lol RT what are you riding my dawg!!!tell me its a sports car☺ 
sports		come on~ let's go jog outside~ -is wearing comfortable shorts and cropped shirt with a sports bra underneath- 
sports		3rd Odi Match 
sports		Gr-eight Hosszu lights up Dubai Swimming World Cup: Katinka Hosszu completed a sensational World Cup weekend i... 
sports		At New smash sports — 
sports		I'm at Sports Club Sporova - Anatolia w/ [pic]: 
sports		REPORT: St. John's Knights senior setter Alex McCarroll wins IIAAG Girls Volleyball Most Valuable Player award.” 👏🙌👍🎉🎉 
sports		-- Cowboys Corner -- John Brad is a Canadian radio legend who has never been the subject of trade rumors. LISTEN: 
sports		Adnan Januzaj: Man Utd midfielder signs five-year deal sports 
sports		Decatur: Effingham Mt. Zion 
sports		Live Sports Scores, Stats, Fixtures, Sports News, SOCCER - BASKETBALL -TENNIS - US FOOTBALL - ICE HOCKEY - BASEBALL - Scoreboard Update. 
sports		With Miss Educ / peoples choice & best in sports wear  Ikaw na bhi. Em so proud of yah :**… 
sports		is special because of spectators 
sports		OU vs. Texas: Pregame at the Cotton Bowl - OU Sports Published: October 12, 2013 by Erik... 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Manchester United - Southampton" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Januzaj signs five-year Man Utd deal football soccer sports athletics athletes  
sports		[World Soccer] Soccer-Commission rejects Worawi's Thai FA election win (Reuters) 
sports		Purdue Football Purdue football notebook: Russell adjusting to new position - Muncie Star Press Sports boilerup 
sports		When I was in grade 8-10 I yuk'd a brown karimor :/ and brought a 2litre jive on sports days for my group . 
sports		DTN Fashion: Tour of Hainan race starts tomorrow: CHENGMAI， Hainan Province， Oct. 19 (Xinhua) -- The 8th Tour ... 
sports		take up sports? 
sports		Shooting leaves 18-year-old dead; suspect shot by area police - (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		For LA Tenorio, PBA title more important than Individual award - 
sports		Check this Ex-Pak greats back team`s Test victory over Proteas: Former Pakistani... SuryaRay India 
sports		From now on its just Me, My Sports and Studies♥ 
sports		Vikings notes: Peterson misses practice because of injury 
sports		BSU, Nevada players to watch - Idaho Press-Tribune 
sports		All Blacks win rollicking Test in Dunedin - Yahoo! New Zealand via 
sports		Setting up or setting out for the day? adventure sports crew, RT if you're on it this weekend surf  trekking kite 
sports		Heather Rabbatts blasts FA’s ‘lack of diversity’ in stinging letter to the board: By Jamie Sanderson H... sports 
sports		Schedules 
sports		Australia's Ninyette leads Perth International (The Associated Press) 
sports		Reading facebook debates is like watching extreme sports 
sports		3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India 
sports		13_OveRs 
sports		BT sports 2 me thinks 
sports		Simpson opens lead at Las Vegas - Richmond Times Dispatch: Yahoo SportsSimpso... 
sports		In need of some size 9 SG boots as some idiot ruined me last week! 
sports		Sky Sports:- Johnson remains unflustered 
sports		4 hours to ko at Addison Road ESFC 
sports		LOL!!!!… 
sports		Clevelands FASTEST growing sports radio show. The Sports Fix We are a TRUE, real alternative to all of the 
sports		College football player slain 
sports		Got Home from Sports Fest. 
sports		Takin a ride in a sports carrrrr 😎😎 
sports		Bears enjoying impressive win streak at Floyd Casey 
sports		Triathlon Times by ULTRA SPORTS is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Johnson strikes twice; Yuvraj out for a duck, India 76-4 
sports		I'm a qualified sports and massage therapist. Have u thought about strapping ur knee on stage while u wait for ur op? 
sports		Sports: Suicide blast 'kills at least 16 soldiers' 
sports		Watch: Gronk talks about return to field 
sports		Unisex Men Women baseball cap outdoor sports hat adjustable Texas Black+white $8.99 hats Hat 
sports		UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 - Down 21, UCF rallies twice to upset No. 8 Louisville 38-35&nbsp;&nb... 
sports		Badt Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in miniskirts and heels RT 
sports		people have 45 minutes to go vote at the old school. Could really use a community sports facility at the school. Rt phrase 
sports		Lemme just stick to ma role as the one hu mostly talks sports n music plus the occasional spat of brilliance.. 
sports		Read the latest on the Aaron Hernandez murder saga here: 
sports		aye, thats soccer am and sky sports news just match of the day then retirement mate 
sports		Dh0Ni 20* 
sports		From 84, now 85 players have joined this year's PBA Draft. Alex Nuyles has signed up! 
sports		I think I just go on sky sports lol 
sports		2011 61 Reg Volkswagen Golf 2.0 R EDITION TSI ONE OWNER, LOW MILEAGE 
sports		Geneva outruns Metea Valley: Geneva coach Rob Wicinski didn't want a high-scoring track meet to unfold when his... 
sports		The Times of India - India - Dravid Kumble salute Sachin Tendulkar - 
sports		Sky Sports:- Ferguson: I'd done my time 
sports		Love sports? Go check out They provide news, opinions, & interesting stats in the world of sports. Give them a follow! 
sports		AUS vs IND 
sports		The team will practice at the ICC... 
sports		Johnson remains unflustered (Sky Sports): Liverpools Glen Johnson remains unfazed by his contract situation an... 
sports		Sports Update: Soccer: The FA has been accused of letting down black and ethnic minorities by its own board member Heather Rabbatts 
sports		Mail Online predicted the current England XI in 2007, got 1 right, most never won caps, one has retired 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring L... Follow for Updates 
sports		thx for a brilliantly organized sports day. Great stuff! 
sports		keep the sports updates going I'm at the netball and keep looking up soccer and cricket scores 
sports		Report: MLB paid for Biogenesis documents, A-Rod may or may not have: We haven't heard a lot of specific ... MLB 
sports		V_KoHLi_23* 
sports		Edu: 1st Year 
sports		2013 MLB playoff schedule, <b>results</b> - Fox Sports 
sports		Ind vs Aus, Live Score Updates: Kohli in prime touch again: All the live, detailed updates from the match betw... 
sports		I feel so helpless right now... I want to help but i know its not my battle to fight conflicted heartbroken 
sports		harry is not good at sports that is my conclusion 
sports		Mexican commentator goes crazy - We love you America, forever (Subtitles) 
sports		What's the best colour for a Range Rover sports? ColourfulWorldOfMore" 
sports		"AuS_vS_InD" 
sports		So I have all Sky sports channels, would like Bt sport too. How much extra per month is it. Phone line is also with Sky! 
sports		Friday football roundup, featuring Alpharetta, Archer, Brookwood, Lambert: 
sports		Another session at sports xtra this am-todays sports -basketball and fencing. 
sports		Cardinals book World Series berth, beat Dodgers DunyaNews 
sports		ABISO MARIKINA SPORTS CENTER ADVISORY (as of October 18) OCTOBER 19 (Saturday) NO EXCLUSIVE (cont) 
sports		Scouting Baseball: Diamond Club Notes: Day One 
sports		Lorenzo smashes Phillip Island lap record 
sports		BBC SPORTS GB sledge hockey target Paralympics: GB's sledge hockey team hope reaching the 2014... TEAMFOLLOWBACK 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web mufc 
sports		We should drag everyone to a - they show NFL & NHL. That's a sports. Plus they have good meat. 
sports		I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself, - Ferdinand Porsche20Man20Half20Sheet20A20-20Large,jpg 
sports		Sports fan Kate Middleton makes a stylish first solo appearance since becoming a mum vía 
sports		Hahaha I get really into sports sometimes😭🙈😹💁 
sports		FRONTIER LEAGUE CHA... 
sports		BBC SPORTS McKay wins SPFL September award: Inverness forward Billy McKay is named Scottish Pr... TEAMFOLLOWBACK 
sports		if I slot it from the corner though . . . eternalglory 
sports		IND 74/2 
sports		Remembering Union v. Camas, 2009 - High School Sports 
sports		Saturday morning soft play with the monster, feeling a bit (very) sleep deprived Wycombe Sports Centre) 
sports		Rumours Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armst... 
sports		Dodgers 'shell shocked' in Game 6 of NLCS - USA TODAY 
sports		IND vs AUS 
sports		don't forget a sports car 
sports		Arizona Cardinals coach Bruce Arians has no plans to change starters on offense - arizona 
sports		I'm at Grappenhall Sports FC (Grappenhall, Cheshire) 
sports		New Duffel Bag $0.99 sports bags 
sports		No more tweets about Naija again. Henceforth, just aviation, sports, technology or anyother thing that catches my attention. So help me God. 
sports		John Kariuki :Tragedy of boxing champ basking in fame amid abject poverty - 
sports		Sports Connection Part 1 sports 
sports		OVER 23.5 
sports		[EVENTS] All the sports EVENTS happening around you 
sports		Semi final 3&4 placing . Mna represents singaopore vs germany team LIFE ON FOX SPORTS CHANNEL GUYS . Go watch ! Maybe you can see me in tv! 
sports		1) Crickets. 
sports		There are few sports teams I can't stand less than the Tampa bay lightning. 
sports		Bill Russell arrested for carrying gun at airport via 
sports		Follow and send it to 40404 
sports		One more time! GoPac 
sports		Drinks 
sports		Precor 544 Display PCB BRAND NEW! $29.95 sports health 
sports		Sky Sports: Ferguson: I'd done my time mufc 
sports		Arsenal Team news: Who's fit to face Norwich? Maviews. 
sports		LSA’s York tied for fourth in boys 1A state tourney 
sports		Virat Kohli : 38/39 
sports		Philippines Star > Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers - CHICAGO -- Derrick Rose scored 32 points, including ... 
sports		write 
sports		Member 'Deemer' will be posting his sports picks here Feel free to join our sports discussion! SportsBetting Forum 
sports		rugbyschedule 
sports		Sports News: Austrailia c shikast khane k bad Pakistan nine a side hockey tornament k final c bahr. Report: Ali Bux Mahar 
sports		hehehe yeah it would be omg what about like water sports like waterpolo 
sports		Ind vs Aus: Australia opt to bowl against India in 3rd ODI 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press) 
sports		photobyadrian: Ynares Sports Arena Pasig brother John Paul! Galing sumayaw! Woot woot! 
sports		Yahoo! Sports: Australia's Ninyette leads Perth International (The Associated Press): PERTH Australia AP Loca... 
sports		Miami Herald - Friday's Sports In Brief - BASEBALL 
sports		I'm hurting this morning! When did my back become that of a 60 yr old. In need of a sports massage” Dayne Laycock 7LS 
sports		Mitchell Johnson dismisses Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh off successive deliveries 
sports		all the sports people literally took the mallet and went scaling up and down the PM 
sports		【Sports & Outdoors 62%OFF $115.68 ★4.2(38)】 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli hits fifty, India 136-4 in 27 overs 
sports		Oh yeah 
sports		takes a fresh angle on Latinos and sports 
sports		Afterburner NHLJets 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web football transfers 
sports		Newcastle... 
sports		Pointless worrying about Americas debt. It will be sorted once Biff Tannen lends the White House his Sports Almanac. BTTF 
sports		UPI Sports Calendar for Saturday, Oct. 19 
sports		Penguins Empty Netter Assists - 10-19-13: Penguins 
sports		Danny and Uganda�s Michael Ross in a duo 
sports		2 Vintage Tee Markers White Round Great for that Home Course or Driving Range $9.99 sports sportinggoods 
sports		$49.99 New 017 Cutters Football Glove Size L original receiver $10.00 football sports 
sports		kickoff is at 3, it's on sky sports 
sports		*MY ARTICLE TODAY* KRU has to digest gold coast perfomance for improvement via 
sports		: One woman Sky Sports News! 
sports		The Sports Fanatic, who is herself, is talking about sports news of her liking on ThePhDExperience right now! Tune in! 
sports		India: 117/4 (24.0) 
sports		Dodgers Dejected After Loss to Cardinals sports 
sports		Finally Wigan are on sky sports! Cant wait to watch them batter blackpool! To grab another goal!! 
sports		Crazy Xmas parties, goals & the strange story of Jeroen Boere: watch & read in SkySportsVault. whufc 
sports		Follow SporTs_UpdaTers 
sports		So much sports to watch this weekend, it feels like christmas. 
sports		Stuck in bed with a bag of frozen pea's wrapped in a tea towel on my foot, guess I'll just play GTA most of today. Wish I had sky sports. 
sports		V Kohli 41* 
sports		dont joke, been to three shops today. Sports watch shop, nike store and sportsmans warehouse 
sports		Good morning sports fans!! Are you up nice and early to get ready for a great weekend of sport?? Tell us what you will be watching? 
sports		Overs 16 
sports		One Fighting Championship (One FC), Asia’s largest Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) organisation with a 90% marke... mma 
sports		BBC Ldn Sports Show full commentary West Ham v Man City ko 1730 on BBC London digital radio plus 
sports		Whoever invented sports bras I just wanna say and I thank ya! 
sports		We get it you play sports here, why do you always have to look like you finished a 90 min soccer game. 
sports		Fox Sports 3, red button. 
sports		LoanWatch BPL (19/10): Newcastle vs Liverpool 18.45 WIB live Bein sports 3 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a quad-core Intel... 
sports		nice sports news 
sports		Trust me to cancel BT Sports right before Newcastle Liverpool 
sports		3rd ODI 
sports		Raiders rout Ashland, clinch GNC title: MEDFORD – Before heading into postseason play, the Medford Raiders had... 
sports		The Manning family you have a lot of class! via 
sports		Suit alleges illegal cartel on TV, Internet sports 
sports		HBO falando sobre e-Sports? WUUUUUUT 
sports		Sports_Facts_US no mom I know would ever do that, They do whats ngle AFearlessTeen Hi Can we plz do 2 RT from favs? 
sports		Catching Up With . . . Baltimore native and former Pittsburgh Steeler Mike Collier - Baltimore Sun steelers 
sports		Absolute shellacking. Even the Telegraph has warned what can happen if voters even sniff complacency: 
sports		NH clerk: I was fired for pulling gun on robber - Las Vegas Sun (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		What British people hear when US sports are on in a bar. 
sports		GEO NEWS 
sports		Sports far out Asking price Image wherewith Childlike TV Train: .RYO 
sports		great sports lastnight at the orange tree lads for standup2cancer ur amazing guys xx 
sports		nope, and not even on premier sports!! Its pathetic!! 
sports		jee nahi i ll watch it on star sports 
sports		World Seniors Championship starts 1pm on Sky Sports 4. Preview: 
sports		Loving the artwork Sky Sports are using for their Soccer 6 app  
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a quad-core... Cnet 
sports		pregnant pregnancy Ski Holiday for Two - If you need a getaway and you're a winter sports enthusiast, enter to w... 
sports		Don't miss today's big NHL card! 
sports		Deadspin The Official "It Gets Better" Letter Of The Tortured Sports Fan | Gawker Brooklyn Has a Wee: GIZMODO... 
sports		UCF rallies to upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35: It was Central Florida's second win over a ranked team in 27 att... 
sports		Guess what... We've already got the big screen down ready for a full day of sports, food and beer. 
sports		sports Dodgers 'shell shocked' in Game 6 of NLCS - USA TODAY: The GuardianDodgers 'shell shocked' in Game 6 o... 
sports		Remember today is Trials Day for the Men the Main Sports Hall 
sports		Ware’s wild week: DE might play, but sans Ratliff 
sports		STAR SPORTS 3RD ODI MATCH 
sports		Cecils bar looks good for sport. Also Bugsys Sports Bar in Cliftonville 
sports		Football: Mexico names Miguel Herrera as coach for crucial World Cup play-off 
sports		FOLLOW 
sports		GCC Sports and Environment Conference to begin on Tuesday 
sports		Reggie Bush, Wayne Rooney, Wright-Phillips, Ashley Cole 
sports		West Ham United v Manchester City preview: One point, in a turgid 0-0 draw at Stoke City, is all that ... sports 
sports		WATCH: Premier League live on NBC Sports Live Extra - Week 8 BPL BPLonNBC 
sports		1-1. Not bad Greenfield Sports Field w/ 
sports		GB sledge hockey target Paralympics 
sports		After the international break the sports side of my twitter comes alive. Our clubs are offering more excitement I guess. 
sports		22 OVER 
sports		My wife doing her sports journo thing.. footy breadwinner sheissohot journo weloveoursports… 
sports		For fantastic camping gear deals on best hiking headlamps, Save now. 
sports		Jets finally find clear skies NHLJets 
sports		Just told my sports moment of the year for a chance to win an iPad Mini! 
sports		If girls were a sport, yes! My kids will defs know St Davids in primary school so that they can fuck shit up in sports" 
sports		-Kris Letang (above, in the 2006 preseason) has been in ... 
sports		Danica Patrick gets new sponsor, excited about Talladega 
sports		Cardinals rout Dodgers to advance to World Series 
sports		dont think there are any good sports at all on swedish tv today. terrible! 
sports		All Sports Cards, 54 Card Lot, Draft Picks, Rookies & More, MLB, NFL, NBA, NHL 
sports		Austin Cops Shoots Suspect Near Elementary School - KEYE TV (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		Extra 9 
sports		OFFICER – RECRUITMENT – International Center for Sports Security: Job PurposeTo conduct Employee Recruitment as... 
sports		Seniors Snooker Sky Sports 4 1pm Steve Davis v Dennis Taylor. Blackball finish? Jimmy White & Hendry also in action. 
sports		SZVETITZ: Beating Texas A&M comes down to survival 
sports		I'm at Sports & Fitness Centre - (York, North Yorkshire) 
sports		McLeod offered in-person hearing over Kronwall hit (NBC Sports) 
sports		Good morning! Dave will get you going starting at 6am! Plus he'll have your local news, sports and weather! 
sports		Max Lapierre suspended five games for boarding Dan Boyle got500 
sports		does tony have BT Sports down at the club?" Yes 
sports		[Sky Sports] Ferguson: I'd done my time NewsStory MUFC 
sports		Anyone wan play table tennis later at pasir ris sports hall? Around 7+? 
sports		Reebok Fitness Dual Heart Rate Monitor RB1173BL w/ Chest /Womens NIOB = U SAVE!! $29.99 sports workout 
sports		Think you know everything about sports? 4 will definitely surprise you! 
sports		Khalid.s 
sports		A_REHMAN 
sports		If you deny healthcare to ppl for lifestyle choices then be consistent = no treatment for sports injuries or work related illness either? 
sports		Good year for births 
sports		OVER 12.2) 
sports		Kelty Juniors' Tioga 34 External Frame Green Backpack Hiking MSRP $94.99 $29.99 sports goods 
sports		Nearly New Sale is underway we are at Partington Sports Village last entry 12 £1 
sports		news Simpson prend les commandes 
sports		, Niggas say anything when they hungry.. Lol 
sports		I secretly really wanna get back into sports photography. 
sports		It's the Sports Bar and Grill in Marylebone If you want to attend, contact for more info. 
sports		Derrick Rose scores 32, including eight late, as Bulls drop Pacers - ESPN NBA ChicagoBulls 
sports		FINAL round UNKLAB GOT TALENT | 7 PM | Sports Hall | come and join us, UKers! 
sports		The Guardian: Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance ... 
sports		Sports/Detroit: Michigan high school football scores for Oct. 18 
sports		£24,990 
sports		Sports iphone5 ipad 
sports		On FOX SPORTS 1 mma 
sports		Woke up today thinking "where is everyone" then remembered they are all away so now im sitting bollock naked on my couch watching sports lol 
sports		Sports Update: Benitez finds positives in loss to Roma - Author : IANS Rome, Oct 19 (IANS) Napoli head coach Rafa ... 
sports		Sid: 0001 
sports		I don't watch sports too lame for me 
sports		1st at HOME to Lymington Town in the FA Vase KO 15:00 
sports		Live Fast updts kele 
sports		My son's a very very good rower, he rowed for his city one time. Can you tell me about your sports scholars scheme? yawn 
sports		got home from work and was watching fantasy football league on sky sports and henrik was picking his best 11 
sports		Hooters is a favorite for RT dining in the sports town of Pittsburg, Pa. clear 
sports		sports After Grambling player revolt, game at Jackson State canceled - USA TODAY: Washington PostAfter Grambl... 
sports		Raiders looking to claim B.C. title: Vancouver Island Raiders president Chris Cross is not shy about what he i... 
sports		What US people hear when British Sports are on in a bar. 
sports		FollowBack AndyMurray Football Tennis Sport Sports Keyrings Pls Follow & RT!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sports		DV123 Outdoor Sports Waterproof HD 2.0 TFT 1.3MP CMOS Camera w/ TF / Mini USB Set - Blue + Black 
sports		Check this World Test Championship can revive red-ball cricket: Boycott: England... SuryaRay India 
sports		SpL 
sports		A Sports Review is out! 
sports		Very with on at 10am: and vs 
sports		I like to read the letters over breakfast. Plus my dog enjoys shredding the sports supplement.  
sports		why give a link that requires membership? OR access code? 
sports		Kohli 40* 
sports		3rd ODI. 12.6: WICKET! Y Singh 
sports		Don't miss out on our Coupon Buster safety net if one team lets you down on a 5-team or bigger footy acca. Click here 
sports		PRACTICE as if you are the worst, PLAY as if you are the BEST. -ANONYMOUS 
sports		Another huge Saturday, Firsts v Bridgwater Sports, Reserves v Hamilton Foxes. Can we have another 6pointsaturday ? 
sports		Aggies upend Bulldogs (photo gallery): CRESTVIEW — A spot in the playoffs were on the line Friday night as the... 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web iAmJayPlatt 
sports		Check out "Cole, Schurrle to miss Chelsea's clash with Cardiff" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Anyone know which pub has BT Sports in and around Pinner Eastcote  Ruislip area? 
sports		Good to see one of the supporters club members speaking on sky sports news It's !!! 
sports		Wachovia Championship Leather Stitched Bag Tag Tan NEW $0.25 sports Golf 
sports		India 68/2 (11.5 ov, V Kohli 30*, SK Raina 10*, CJ McKay 1/34) cricket 
sports		Santa Clara County high school football roundup: Bellarmine tops St. Ignatius ... - San Jose Mercury News 
sports		Betting News : Ancelotti allays Bale fears: Carlo Ancelotti has played down long-term inj... AutoFollow Sports 
sports		V Kohli 38* 
sports		Lol nah dude sports club & mom's hotel 
sports		Saturday off or arrange a friendly? Game of course. YT v Sports Recruiting USA. 
sports		QSC aim to add to Al Sadd’s woes 
sports		Toronto NHL: Jets rally past Blues, lose Trouba to injury: Vancouver Sun - Sports... Canada 
sports		Sky Sports | Football News : Ferguson: I'd done my time: Sir Alex Ferguson says 'I'd done my time' and... united 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - Shop Golf Clearance at Don't forget to visit our site! 
sports		RP League Video rp league videos video popular entertainment sports amusement 
sports		Research nearly complete people. 1st Leg will be announced around 8:30pm! Stay tuned accawhacka 
sports		BIG day for sports today, so much PL and HeinekenCup 
sports		sports manga are my elemental weakness (tears) 
sports		"IND VS AUS" 
sports		Someone buy me a sports bra lol 
sports		Equipments need to buy in Sports. *Football* Shoes. *Tennis* Racket. *Hockey* Hockey Stick. *Backpacking* Food! :3 
sports		skysportsfantasyfootball fpl gw8 skysports epl bpl 
sports		Local sports digest: Santa Clara basketball coach Kerry Keating gets multiyear ... 
sports		Sports: West Ham United v Manchester City preview: One point, in a turgid 0-0 draw at Stoke City, is all that... 
sports		Live & Fast Updates 
sports		Strong chance for Doha to produce world record 
sports		Am and always will be proud to be a dodger fan hell of a season guys anyone who knows sports respects a good team and season like they had 
sports		New Braunfels Christian 59, Vanguard 13 
sports		QSL referees named for round five matches 
sports		in a totally non sexual way, its my job to do up and undo kates sports bra. Maybe get a helpermonkey 
sports		' I know sports zone & shoe city , you gotta bike ? 
sports		Rose Goes for 32 Pts as Bulls Down Pacers (via 
sports		What is your favorite Sports Club? 
sports		Chislehurst fireworks 2 Nov - Old Elts sports club - numbers will be limited - get advance tickets or arrive early! 
sports		Ind vs Aus, Live Score Updates: Kohli in prime touch again india news 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web 
sports		CpL 
sports		For live t20. Odi test cricket livescores + sports news +and much more just follow Livevckt send it to 40404 
sports		England Premier League fixtures (8th matchday) via football soccer Liverpool Arsenal Tottenham 
sports		Sports in Uganda is really big!! What sport will you be playing or watching this weekend? Is it Soccer, Rugby,... 
sports		OTE sports Highlights Οκτωβρίου (19/10 - 
sports		Couple ‘sells’ daughter for iPhone and high-end sports shoes WTF iphone5s Shanghai 
sports		nice trixs 
sports		iMRAN SAHAR 
sports		Georgia Tech (3-3, 2-2 in ACC Coastal) at Syracuse (3-3, 1-1 in ACC Atlantic ... - Georgia Tech Official Athletic... 
sports		ProCycling 
sports		it's live on FOX Sports 
sports		TV Schedule: 
sports		Guardian Sport: Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lanc... 
sports		OVER 14.5 
sports		Info 
sports		I think 50% f the people in this state would hate me bc I HATE all the professional sports teams in 
sports		Michael Jordan’s Chicago mansion going up for auction (NBC Sports) 
sports		Sky Sports: Flamini: Return is so special AFC 
sports		VIDEO: Dodgers-Cardinals Game 6 pregame standoff 
sports		Lakers – 89 Warriors – 115 
sports		ALCS Game 5 delivers 5.4 rating via 
sports		WICKET !! India 76/3 (12.5 ov, V Kohli 31*, MG Johnson 1/21) cricket 
sports		YUVRAJ_0 OuT 
sports		How I imagine the St. Louis Cardinals right now. sports 
sports		Sanchez def. ND 23-25, 25-22, 25-20... 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Swansea City - Sunderland" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		BBC Sports: Roma extend 100% start with Napoli win 
sports		I used to be good at online sports games. Grr. 
sports		ringside 
sports		Turn on my TV and Julian Salvi is on Sky Sports as a pundit, my life is complete 
sports		We have a brochure containing accommodation, sports facilities and activity programmes. 
sports		Check out "Late Fitness Check - Week 8" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Playing Campsie Blackwatch in the league cup today at the Johnstone Sports Hub, 3pm kick off. bethere letsdothis 
sports		World Test Championship can revive red-ball cricket: Boycott 
sports		Copied! As you requested > 
sports		Glenbard South clinches MSC title: Glenbard South stayed perfect with its eighth win this season, defeating... 
sports		hai bo!what is this war about between my 2 favourite sports people/experts/analysts/commentators...? 
sports		I'm at Teddington Sports Centre (Teddington, Middlesex) 
sports		Escape the Jelly Fish (Sports) iphone app free 
sports		Dodgers' season ends in 9-0 loss to Cardinals in Game 6 of NLCS 
sports		Morning Television runs done; now weekend radio sports talk show marathon & LIVE on QFM 89.1FM LUSAKA & countrywide 
sports		Back To Back Wekets!! 3rD_ODI_MaTcH 
sports		Sports: Soccer, MLB, NFL, NBA, and stuffs - 
sports		hahaha best thing I've heard hahaha 
sports		W_RAI ... 
sports		fb McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open: SEOUL, Oct 19 — Former world number one Rory Mc... 
sports		I'll buy you a half chicken nandos if he gets a hatrick and a drop goal boom 6onthebounce 
sports		Massimiliano Allegri's men have endured a below-par... 
sports		Don't ignore tempting savings on MREs freeze-dried food, Why wait? 
sports		Luton airport. Good to see the sports shop has all 4 big London clubs covered. 
sports		Check this Ponting`s latest revelations suggest Clarke not `true captain`: The... SuryaRay India 
sports		Google Alert - Texas Youth Sports: News 1 new result for Texas Youth Sports Youth shines dur... 
sports		Bum Phillips, Colorful Football Coach, Dies at 90 
sports		Bum Phillips, Colorful Football Coach, Dies at 90: Phillips coached the Houston Oilers (successfully) and the ... 
sports		yeah looks like they did... 3-1 win for Umass 
sports		Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 (The Associated Press) NFL Miami 
sports		Live updts on official account 
sports		From the sports centre to the stadium of light go on brozy 
sports		Over 13.0 
sports		Going back to the World Series!!! 
sports		My son has no choice but to play sports, and be a badass. 
sports		Also, kanpur is home to many ordinance factories and it sports an RBI and an IIT too. NaMoInKanpur 
sports		First Nee thinks i'm a cannibal and now i'm a cult leader to canned bread and red (sports) cars 
sports		1-3 NOVEMBER 2013 
sports		Hi David, thanks for the follow, this is what I do: Love Music, Sports and Live Music webcasting 
sports		Yakima Q Clip Set 
sports		Rolex Sports Car Series DP Champion 2013 Max Angelelli - (c) 2013 by Brian Cleary 
sports		Jogalite Reflective Cross Training High Visibility Belt Pink Color Run Bike Walk $14.50 goods sports 
sports		found on 
sports		Just saw that my dads collection of "sports magazines" is mostly comprised of Playboy dating back to the 90s... 
sports		New Foursquare photo tagged at Debonairs - Gateway - Sports Area - 
sports		Flavor of the month gone stale  
sports		[PhilStar Sports] Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers 
sports		Different ages.This level guys have 2 things on their mind. In a couple years the sports turns 2 drinking.It's the norm. 
sports		Toss Aus 
sports		SAT 19 OCT 2013 15:00 
sports		For too long, sports journalists glossed over football’s violence. I was one of them. via 
sports		In a first, Nicol David retains US Open squash title 
sports		Take the blinkers off and stop watching that crap, on the plus side League international on Premier sports this afternoon. 
sports		We call half our friends by their last name. Especially in sports. 
sports		The Cardinals do what they do, and move on to the World Series (Yahoo Sports) 
sports		IndvAus: Yuvraj Singh c Brad Haddin b Johnson for first-ball duck. India 76/4 (13 overs) 
sports		Key West | Key West Water Sports 
sports		Gary's Sports Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		6abc - Philadelphia news weather sports source 
sports		Week Seven Preview: Steelers Week, Previewing the Baltimore Ravens VS ... - Sports Media 101 NFL BaltimoreRavens 
sports		【Sports & Outdoors - Up to 62%OFF $26.51 ★4.4(220)】 
sports		He is merely stating a fact. And yes I know that is a rare enough event in Scottish sports journalism. 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni gets going, India 83-4 in 15 overs UAE 
sports		Sam Stosur just started the semi final of Moscow Cup on Fox Sports if any interest on twitter.. 
sports		[BBC SPORTS] Brown ban too harsh, says Lennon: Neil Lennon says Celtic captain Scott Brown has been punished v... 
sports		Sports: Muhammad Ali's grandson Biaggio Ali-Walsh, the American footballer: If success breeds success, then M... 
sports		10pcs Yoga Props Foaming Foam Brick Block Home Health Gym Exercise Sport Tool $34.99 sports yoga 
sports		Finally in the Cards for Beltran, St. Louis wins pennant 
sports		Yao Ming standing next to Muggsy Bogues 
sports		If you can spot any sign of the story on a US based Sports page you are doing better than me? 
sports		What will Gronkowski's impact be? 
sports		Howard Joining Rockets After Rejecting the Lakers lakers LA 
sports		Grader working hard on infield of Lornah Kiplagat Sports Academy football pitch 
sports		[World Soccer] Moyes: Januzaj’s future is with Manchester United 
sports		oh right that's true, only just saw part of his pre match conference on sky sports, thank you! 
sports		Sky Sports: Ferguson: I'd done my time: Sir Alex Ferguson says Id done my time and is convinced he chose the r... 
sports		Milo football clinic ends in Port Harcourt 
sports		Gronkowski’s agent says Pats star cleared to make season debut Sunday 
sports		Special teams, not-so-special appeal: Given the tone in the locker room this week, the Washington Redskins... 
sports		canada NHL: Jets rally past Blues, lose Trouba to injury: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... UK 
sports		with sports personalities, hollywood stars, singers, etc.. 
sports		Sport: Scotland | Sports | Brown ban too harsh, says Lennon: BBCi Sport | Neil Lennon says Celtic captain Scot... 
sports		I went to the college next door recently. Good sports facilities. Want a trip to the dogs too! 
sports		it's good pampanga have this kind of facility Bren Z. Guiao Sports Complex Track Oval 
sports		AUSvsIND cricket 
sports		Adnan Januzaj signs new five-year contract at Manchester Utd. [Sky Sports] 
sports		AUS_vs_IND 
sports		Sporrrr ) Fashion Sports Club - w/ 5 others) 
sports		cause boy stfu.. you know I fuck w/you.. but ok. 
sports		Maldives police block attempt at presidential vote - News, Weather and Sports ... KCAU President... SiouxCity Iowa 
sports		we are building a sports page for site to promote all the local clubs would like to get together to discuss RT 
sports		yeah, sounds like sports journalists' problems...#nightowls 
sports		WHAAAAT!!!! RT BCCI bans Pradeep Sangwan banned for 18 months for taking PEDs 
sports		"Football is violence and cold weather and sex and college rye." 
sports		Elko Daily Free - Carlin tramples Silver Stage - CARLIN — The Carlin football team got a big win to celebrate ... 
sports		BBC Sports: Hoffenheim protest after 'ghost goal' 
sports		Who's trying to hang at a sports bar and drink Shirley Temples with your boy tomorrow and watch the fights? 
sports		Anyone involved at Sunningdale Sports Complex. Please inbox me the name & email address of anyone in admin who... 
sports		This is the English FA thing i was talking about. It's seriously laughable! 
sports		I'm at Cihangir Sports Center 
sports		Elko Daily Free - Spring Creek falls to Fallon - SPRING CREEK — The Spring Creek girls soccer team welcomed th... 
sports		I'm at Lounge Sports (Mersin) 
sports		Fiorentina - Juventus Betting Preview: Expect both sides to score at the Artemio Franchi 
sports		Mighty ABs! Rugby GetGlue 
sports		He decides to go for a walk, but I'm barred from it. Ranau Sports Complex) 
sports		Academy def. JFK 25-7, 22-25, 22-14 
sports		Wah no?supersports Super sports by 3 pm" 
sports		sport Football - Rabbatts makes commission plea - Yahoo Eurosport UK: The GuardianFootball - Rabbatts makes c... 
sports		Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in miniskirts and heels RT What makes happy? 
sports		Great camping deals, everyday low price on hiking hats & headwear, Buy now! 
sports		New SPORT CALORIE COUNTER Heart Rate FITNESS PULSE Monitor watch CALORIES Black $120.00 pedometer sports 
sports		The Him Sports Events Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Yahoo! Sports: World Soccer - Yahoo! Sports: World Soccer - News, articles,... 
sports		Had a fantastic day at the London Sports Writing Festival yesterday. All the talks were informative and highly entertaining. 
sports		♫ Today: Bangalore, India - Oct 19 at Xtreme Sports Bar 
sports		1st thing I do in the morning is turn sky sports news on always 
sports		ESPN Asks Philip Rivers Question Attacking His Large Family: San Diego Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers is a... 
sports		German coach Loew extends contract until 2016: We still have ambitious objectives, which we want to complete c... 
sports		VINTAGE 70s SERGIO TACCHINI TENNIS WORK OUT GYM BAG $9.95 bags sports 
sports		On the possible plan to send Myck Kabongo to the Toros sanantonio 1604TV 
sports		Afraid of India's chasing success, Aus bowls first 
sports		Apna frndz ko b invite kr la, 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - stomize The Perfect Set of Pads at Don't forget to visit ou 
sports		I backed Vazaro Delafayette at 2.5 in Chelt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		Sports review. is out! 
sports		Michael Jordan’s 56,000-square-foot suburban Chicago mansion is going up for auction via 
sports		Thanks for all the support this morning. We're back tomorrow for the home game against Dudley Sports! RobbieEgansU10's 
sports		Harbour Sports Paignton will slip into history in few weeks. ALL 1/2 and that means Christmas shopping is little less expensive this year! 
sports		Mpeg4/Hd/Biss 
sports		J&K to host postal cricket tourney 
sports		Boycott backs Pak spinners to lead side to victory over Proteas in UAE series 
sports		I couldn't call on CBS Sports Radio since me and Morash don't get along, and I don't want to start trouble. 
sports		Yes deaf athletics ought to join the Paralympics for equality in disability sports, global awareness 
sports		He has medium-length black hair, and bright red eyes. He also sports sharp, fanged teeth bot 
sports		Photo: Area Sports Events Calendar Oct 20-26 Area Sports Events Calendar Oct 20-26 The Fury Travel Program.... 
sports		The only time you should be happy an athlete is injured is in a video game” I agree. Sports become glorified gladiator fighting 
sports		Busy day today!! Come along, grab a beer and enjoy sports as much as we do at O´neill´s!! 
sports		Adjustable Wrist Machine Sports Forearm Grip Training Equipment Exerciser: $13.08 (0 Bids) End Date: Saturday... 
sports		An athletic class of friends inspires you to want to be apart of that to do sports and to do sports you must have good grades#RoadToSuccess 
sports		IndvAus: Suresh Raina c Watson b Johnson 17 (19b). India 76/3 (12.5 overs) Live Blog: 
sports		Column: NASCAR is just one long Ricky Bobby movie via 
sports		Overs 18 
sports		"FISHING WITH MY DAD" Father son Art Print, by Laurie Shanholtzer handmadebot BizRT Like2" madeinUSA boebot 
sports		3colors wholesale Classic golf Sports keychain equipment caliper Model keyring: $5.35 (0 Bids) End Date: Saturday... 
sports		Yes panalo parin kami 
sports		I backed Kings Palace at 2.36 in Chelt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		Enough shopping at ikea!! Now gg to SIA sports club for swimming session with my boys to men ♡ 
sports		u can watch it on star sports 2's website 
sports		IND 77/4 
sports		Coleman Portable Unit Flush Toilet Camping Trips Leak Free Seat Travel Use Clean $137.00 goods sports 
sports		Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, October 13 
sports		pls send me a copy when available. I'm down your way next w/e for EDA conference. Also 2 half marathons - sports tourism  
sports		Wenger predicts bright future for Arsenal 
sports		Thai FA in disarray after Worawi shown red card by election committee - The Nation via 
sports		After Effects Template: Flat Soccer Titles (Sports) - Video... videohive, aftereffects 
sports		Simpson leads at TPC Summerlin: LAS VEGAS (AP) — Webb Simpson opened a four-stroke lead yesterday in the Shriners... 
sports		Watch: Gronk talks about return to field: The saga revolving around Rob Gronkowski's prospective return to the... 
sports		Deadspin The Official "It Gets Better" Letter Of The Tortured Sports Fan | Gawker Brooklyn Has a Wee 
sports		The Dodgers were shocking last night. What a way to go out. 9-0. This year is not a year for my sports teams. MLB 
sports		WEEKEND EDITION OF ACADEMIC AND MATURED SPORTS ON METRO 94.1 FM,THE POWER HOUSE OF GHANA SPORTS 
sports		J0HNS0N 2 Quaik wekets?? 
sports		Jabari dunk number 2 on sports center.... Came along way 
sports		Finance internship Internship Spring 2014 Production Operations: Sports Media - Bristol, CT... Connecticut US 
sports		Deadspin The Official &quot;It Gets Better&quot; Letter Of The Tortured Sports Fan | Gawker Brooklyn Has a Wee 
sports		Roche: Random Thoughts With Red Sox A Win Away From World Series - CBS Local ICYMI sports news 
sports		Ohio State football: Iowa's Ferentz impressed with Buckeyes' defense - 
sports		Brilliant initiative. What sports will you be focusing on at the academy? 
sports		CUSTOM sports socks - perfect for football, hockey and rugby teams. Only £3.25 a pair! Check out our sock builder - 
sports		Special offer for all you marchers! Only £2 at Sports Direct now! Time4change nufc maoc itswarminmyheli 
sports		MISBAH(C 
sports		hot sports news McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea... socialshakeup 
sports		Servite stays in hunt | waller, half, friars - Sports - OC Varsity 
sports		Indian SuryaRay Monkeygate: Ricky Ponting slams Cricket Australia for letting him down:... Indian 
sports		Football America Man Shaped Football Dummy, Red $114.99 sports training 
sports		ESPN Asks Philip Rivers Question Attacking His Large Family 
sports		Sports News: Is the Andrew Wiggins Hype Real? Is he the Canadian LeBron James?: A lot of attention has been ar... 
sports		Redskins’ David Amerson’s concussion recovery includes words from neuropsychologist father (Washington Post) 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief 
sports		Lol I so agree with TNP sports writer...like omg from just 1 good game the countries are like clamouring to get Januzaj ide... 
sports		Can we now have a SIR CECIL JONES ATTUQUAEFIO stand at the Accra Sports Stadium? 
sports		Elias: Wacha is the 1st rookie to record 2 scoreless starts in a single postseason series. gigem 
sports		IND 89/4 
sports		Gotten some world of sports vouchers, well i don't shop there often :/ 
sports		Benitez finds positives in loss to Roma 
sports		Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at SHOWTIME Sports! We're thankful for boxing, mixed martial arts & most of all, you fans for your support! 
sports		That sounds good, you've always been into sports so I reckon you will live it dude, hopefully you will get a 
sports		sky sports or on tensports? 
sports		Redding breaks wrist in qualifying 
sports		Blahhh RT Sports: St Louis Cardinals power into WorldSeries: STLCards Dodgers MLB NLCS 
sports		It provides insight into the ongoing convergence of digital media and sporting events among ... the company was... 
sports		Sports Betting Champ Maximizer 
sports		Houston icon Bum Phillips dies at age 90 via 
sports		Sport: Scotland | Sports | McKay wins SPFL September award: BBCi Sport | Inverness forward Billy McKay is name... 
sports		WeAreHonored Lifestyle Warfare Coach. Warrior of the Light. Golf Whisperer & Extreme Sports.Earth Steward.Crusader of Change. 
sports		College Football: Rockford to host Benedictine 
sports		Steel Cage Matches are synonymous with sports-entertainment, but the treacherous structures have evolved over... 
sports		* * Buy Discount Shoes,Cheap Men Shoes Replica Sports Sneakers Wholesale 
sports		Scary situation...Jacob Trouba goes head first into boards. nhl nhljets 
sports		haha ... Too funny .. For the football or the cops 
sports		Saturday sports at Lavery's - Newcastle v Liverpool, Man U v Southampton, Arsenal v Norwich, Everton v Hull, West Ham v Man City & more! 
sports		I'm at The Venue Gym (Alsadd sports club) (Doha, Qatar) [pic]: 
sports		Croston Sports Clubs fixture today away at Barrow Wanderers has been postponed due to a waterlogged pitch. 
sports		Montreal Canadiens vs. Nashville Predators - 10/19/13: The Canadiens look for another home ice w... sports news 
sports		Few things more demoralising on a Saturday than the drone of a sports game; your neighbours excitement at said drone. 
sports		The Sports Journalists in England always want their players to feature in every league game for their clubs, what of Essien ? 
sports		I love you dad *hug and smile* ((IRL sorry it's time to workout sports)) gtg 
sports		teamfollowback Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence: The BCCI has banned Delhi and Ko... 
sports		Win a fantastic family climbing day at Westway Sports Centre. 
sports		Bum Phillips passed. 
sports		McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open: SEOUL, Oct 19 — Former world number one Rory McIlro... 
sports		Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka - NDTV 
sports		throwback SK LBJ sports day . 
sports		Nothing on ChampionsDay on the BBC Breakfast sports bulletin I saw  
sports		I normally hate watching sports but I'm a Cardinals Baseball fan forever. Win or lose, that's MY team! So proud of my city!! 
sports		Sports Betting Champ 
sports		3rd ODI. 12.5: WICKET! S Raina 
sports		First Bank donates N44m Sports facilities to Queens and Kings College 
sports		19-10-13 T 22º C... Running 8.1 km in 01:18:29 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		I use to be huge into sports and stuff like nobody ever expects that 
sports		Totems sporting new football uniforms recognizing one of school's fallen heroes | Prep football via 
sports		Men are easy to understand, Beer,Fast cars,Sports and a loving lady 
sports		Heat's Eric Griffin jumps clear over Mason Plumee's head on pump fake (Video) vía 
sports		Planning a camping vacation? Need youth's hiking clothing, Tell a friend. 
sports		I'm pretty sure that license plate was supposed to go on a sports car XD 
sports		Gabriela Sabatini deliberately lost tennis matches to avoid reporters! Sports News 
sports		Morning Tweeps I'm live from Goshen Sports Centre to watch BuryFCunder9s take on Urmston. I'm your match commentator. John Motson is a cunt 
sports		Our Town sports: Scio falls to 2-3 in PacWest and 3-4 overall with 28-24 loss to Pleasant Hill. Scio was 51-4 from 2009-12. 
sports		Morning Sports Fans! Best of luck with your bets today. Wherever your money goes, we hope it comes back fatter... 
sports		Wallabies sunk by ABs in third Bledisloe: The fightback didn't last long, All Blacks captain Kieran Read cross... 
sports		Sports Direct 
sports		3) Sports” 
sports		Bethel 42, Fairfield 0. Game story posted 
sports		sad part is that mike matheny is the best coach/manager in all of sports... yet nobody will recognize it 
sports		IndvAus: Kohli drives Doherty past extra cover for 4. Kohli, Dhoni in 60-run stand. India 140/4 (27 overs) 
sports		Bismillah otw (at Banjar Square and sports centre) — 
sports		Hi Will, thanks for the follow. If I can help with anything please let me know 
sports		Ain't Miami but that will do Running KeepInShape Parc Interdépartemental des Sports (plaine Sud) 
sports		A-List Update: How did some of the state's top prospects perform on Friday night? 
sports		The Puerto Rey Sports Centre for Leisure, Health and Gastronomy. Specialising in paddle, golf, tennis, fitness... 
sports		Varsity Football: StHelena cruises by Clear Lake in 41-6 homecoming romp via 
sports		PGA GOLF Australia's Ninyette Leads Perth International: Local West Australian golfer Brody Ninyette... SPORTS 
sports		Area Sports Events Calendar Oct 20-26: Area Sports Events Calendar Oct 20-26 The Fury… 
sports		will play for the national team!!! wow so proud of you ” 
sports		Mitchell Johnson dismisses Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh off successive deliveries: Mitchell Johnson dismissed... 
sports		Looking for special offers on survival emergency gear, Save $$ now! 
sports		ID:Sports_updaters 
sports		For More 
sports		I don't understand why my two favourite sports journos are fighting. Come on gents 
sports		And finally! Палац Спорту / Sports Palace w/ 4 others) [pic]: 
sports		Scintillating sports pics of week 
sports		Tables are turned as West Brom are no longer afraid of Stoke’s bully-boy tactics: By bythes West Brom ... sports 
sports		sports journalism, everyone there is so nice plus the facilities and accomadation are sooooo good :D plus I like their course 
sports		New Balance 1103 Men's Team Sports Shoe ($19.99) Joe's New Balance Outlet 
sports		High Sierra Tank Messenger Bag 
sports		Should Pregnant Females Be Allowed To Participate In Contact Sports? via 
sports		Usual non objective piece on renewable energy in today's P & J. Thank goodness the sports coverage is good. 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armstong,... 
sports		Volleyball - Volleyball Missions Project - Garage Sale today at 07:00 AM - More Info: 
sports		type 
sports		1) Random numbers. 
sports		Anyone know where/who has Bt Sports deal 
sports		UCWRadio UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 news 
sports		are away to today. Will bring you the latest news as soon as I hear. rugby sport 
sports		UAE earned the confidence of FIFA: Blatter 
sports		Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers 
sports		In this photo released by OneAsia, Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland watches his shot during the third ro... golf 
sports		Gasol: 16 Pts. Blake: 6 Asts.... 
sports		Ind 76/4 in 13 ov. Yuvraj c Haddin b Mitchell Johnson 0(1), pokes at one that shapes away, edges it to the keeper. cricket IndvAus 
sports		After Grambling player revolt, game at Jackson State canceled 
sports		(0) is out, c Brad Haddin b 
sports		Saturday's matchup: Minnesota at NU 
sports		Photo: The Louisiana State Museum and Sports Hall of Fame has opened Read more at: 
sports		What time is the Chelsea game on today, and is it on Sky Sports? 
sports		BREEDERS CROWN: Tetrick to drive in 13 of tonight's 14 races 
sports		DO2013: Semi-Finals in less than 10 minutes! Catch it live at Odense Sports Park, on TV, or live stream at... 
sports		Shanti finishes third in M’sia Open 100m final Today Online - Hot news SINGAPORE – Shanti Pereira grabbed a bron... 
sports		What a great night for sports last night, UCF win and Dodgers lose. 
sports		charityshop trawl for me, be lucky to find a sports shop to go and buy new ones in, all online, crying shame shoplocal all! 
sports		Now you can see them: Now suffer!!! 
sports		DONT HAVE TIME FOR BCCI OR ICC ,SAYS SHARAD PAWAR : Sports 
sports		Adults £6 / Concession £3 / Family (2+2) £15 
sports		Sports car 
sports		Sports#News UCF rallies to upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35: LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Eighth-ranked Louisville cou... 
sports		3rd_ODI AUS vs IND IND 83-4 Over 15.0 V Kohli 33* MS Dhoni 5* AUSvIND Cricket 
sports		Lucien Freud - Man in a sports shirt 
sports		Acc gutted I can't do any sports but dancing  
sports		[BBC SPORTS] FA commission 'lacks diversity': Football Association chairman Greg Dyke's England commission is ... 
sports		Spartans spoil Bulldogs’ festive night 
sports		Sports reserves travel to play Galmington Dragons looking to keep up their improved form believe enjoy 
sports		Complete Conditioning for Swimming (Complete Conditioning for Sports Series): From more powerful strokes to qu... 
sports		Millburn High School girls tennis team retains Group 4 title - 
sports		Hugging Hard Guys Video hugging hard guys videos video popular entertainment sports amusement 
sports		I want to view bein sports on my mobile device. 
sports		even though im a half a can lip packer, the packers have the worst name in sports cuz how unintimidating is a"person who packs cheese" 
sports		Coach Colin has a spring in his step: Colin Robson was named Lancashire’s coach of the year for hi... Lancashire 
sports		Michael Jordan’s 56,000-square-foot suburban Chicago mansion is going up for auction | Ball Don't Lie 
sports		Leafs Toronto Maple Leafs call on University of Toronto goalies for backup after ... -... 
sports		~ Roger Kahn sports quotes 
sports		I have completed the quest 'Sports trainings.' in the Android game The Tribez. androidgames, gameinsight 
sports		Florida Panthers vs. Minnesota Wild - 10/19/13: The WIld and Panthers look to end their respecti... sports news 
sports		IndvAus: MS Dhoni off the mark with four past cover point. India 82/4 (14.4 ovs) Live Blog: 
sports		I backed Estimate at 3.05 in Ascot 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		just downloaded the al picino speech from any given Sunday going to be up for this 
sports		Find out about our Sports facilities in the sports Talks and get to know Birmingham with City Tours - times in open day guide AstonOpenday 
sports		As you requested > 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Chelsea - Cardiff City" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		CLT20 South Africa await stork's arrival as Amla returns home 
sports		Desert Ridge's defense leads team past Red Mountain: Second-ranked Mesa Desert Ridge ran into a stu... azcentral 
sports		CottonBowl NextStory 
sports		Indian India Monkeygate: Ricky Ponting slams Cricket Australia for letting him down: Former... SuryaRay 
sports		"I just came across someone who has 11 hashtags in their Twitter bio. Mostly the sports teams th… 
sports		BBC Ldn Sports Show full commentary West Ham v Man City ko 1730 on BBC London digital radio plus … 
sports		NEW OHSEN ORANGE CASE ARMY MILITARY DIGITAL MENS ALARM SPORTS WRIST WATCH 385 W9: $9.72 (0 Bids) End Date:... 
sports		News 
sports		Two years after Linsanity: Appreciating the player and critiquing the narrative 
sports		Grambling cancels game with Jackson State 
sports		Some great tip on how to add some sports massage techniques to your CV 
sports		Digital Media Habits and Brand Engagement of Avid Sports Fans [INFOGRAPHIC]: It provides insight into the ongoing... 
sports		Innova CHAMPION RHYNO *dyed* 175 grams disc golf putter Hyzer Farm Dye $14.95 sportinggoods sports 
sports		Bruce Bazsali (Luth), Ric Arand (Le-Win) and Jeff Beck (North) on Sports Connection Sat 5pm Fox 39 & 10am & 3pm on MyNetworkTV 
sports		BT Sports at mid-day today, the only channel worth watching! 
sports		Any one got a bt sports account a can rob. 
sports		18-year-old arrested for murder of Antoinette Finch - News, Weather & Sports 
sports		Flailing Flyers will use off week to try to get back on track 
sports		Fast-break football: Baylor offense always looking for ways to hit next gear 
sports		BBC Ldn Sports Show with from 2 full commentary Millwall v QPR ko 1500 
sports		Football: Brendan Rodgers blames England coaches for curbing creativity 
sports		EA Sports???? Also the shits free on the dashboard who is he trying to impress? 
sports		"AHMED" 
sports		MS Dhoni 9/19 
sports		Hour long sports report on Detroit on BBC radio. bbcsportsday 
sports		Are you a Sports teacher that is looking to deliver a new or more inclusive sport at your school? SittingVolleyball 
sports		Just saw a video on Respect in Sports world! 
sports		Yahoo! Sports: Nordqvist, Hull-Kirk tied for lead in Korea (The Associated Press): INCHEON South Korea AP Ann... 
sports		Getty Images Photo by Stringer/AFP/Getty Images 1 hour 54 minutes ...: South Africa's playe... pakistan cricket 
sports		Ind vs Aus: Australia opt to bowl against India in 3rd ODI - Times of India 
sports		Boycott backs Pak spinners to lead side to victory over Proteas in ...: Karachi: Former Eng... pakistan cricket 
sports		Can't make it this weekend? Upgrade to Sky Sports to watch Aston Villa match live Sunday 4pm only on Sky Sports 
sports		Where in town does BT Sports?? 
sports		Report: Russell arrested at airport Sports 
sports		Watch: Gronkowski talks about his return 
sports		family community / Sports Town Neurologist Physician - Grand Island, NE 
sports		NCAA ~ NDSU Bison Classic Sock Monkey Hat ~ Hand Crocheted Just For You $24.95 sports football 
sports		Man U have only scored 3 goals in 3 PL home games. It's 2.1 for Under 2.5 v a mean Southampton defence 
sports		Catch all live sports action today including Heineken cup action and Barclays premiership and the international... 
sports		The last day for 30% off main meals!!. ht… 
sports		Afghans love soccer - Quakes' captain nears finale - SFGate 
sports		OVER13.2 
sports		FB INFO 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web coybig 
sports		Routman Sleeping Bag 0-10Degree Green Camping Outdoor 240T Pongee Ripstop Travel $29.99 sporting sports 
sports		Australia's Ninyette leads Perth International 
sports		Is there any football on early kick off today that'll be on sky sports? Cba getting out if bed 
sports		+ 
sports		88 
sports		Nike 5 PAD shirt Football Girdle shorts compression mens XL White MPZ 4 impact l $41.00 sportinggoods sports 
sports		Mexico Apertura: Monterrey’s late comeback not enough in 2-3 deafeat at Santos 
sports		Only in sports can a team called the Cardinals can be involved in both a big series win and a big upset in the same night. 
sports		I've just watched the Dennis Bergkamp interview which was on sky sports news last night so I'm confident now. 
sports		MS Dhoni : 15/33 
sports		Manchester United tie Adnan Januzaj to new five-year deal - Sky Sports MUFC 
sports		Hello to everyone at today's Open Day! Want to join a sports team or get involved with societies? Here at CCSU we... 
sports		Neuqua Valley scores in a hurry: Usually if a football team puts together a 12-play scoring drive in just more... 
sports		Sydney FC taking on Brisbane Roar at Suncorp Stadium tonight on Fox Sports -Del Oiero is captain with a new haircut and playing well !!! 
sports		Definitely going out with me sports bras on tonight me , far to cold 
sports		Sky sports 1 for me today  
sports		Free £10 (No Deposit Required) from Coral Click Here Sign up For Free Money twitter92 manutd 
sports		Nigeria Sports (Football) :: Real Madrid Will Fight For Gundogan 
sports		More Trouble for Rangers: Callahan Is Out With Broken Thumb: The Rangers prepared to face another struggling t... 
sports		Sports, and any other subjects will be commented on but with limit, after a heart attack scare I have to take things lite....... 
sports		IndvAus: Kohli flicks Watson past fine leg for 4. First boundary in 9 overs. India 117/4 (24 overs) 
sports		I need a girl who is into sports. Maybe somebody like 
sports		Photo: gamefreaksnz: NBA Live 14 next-gen gameplay trailer revealed EA Sports has revealed an extended... 
sports		Australia's Ninyette Leads Perth International: Local West Australian golfer Brody Ninyette shot a 5-under 67 ... 
sports		If RedBull drinking or BigMac eating were sports, I'd be king. 
sports		Political cartoon compares Redskins logo to swastika, confederate flag 
sports		Console for Schwinn A10 Upright Exercise Bike. Free shipping $20.00 sports health 
sports		Januzaj has signed a 5 year contract at Manchester United according to Sky Sports News! 
sports		Brazil to face Chile in Toronto football friendly 
sports		It was Kobe-mania with Lakers in China (NBC Sports) 
sports		Sports Ministry Wants Sachin Tendulkar as Adviser after his retirement. The only other person who could be their... 
sports		$20 All You Can Drink Domestic Drafts & Wells at Blondies Sports Bar - Las Vegas Nevada Discounts & Deals: Fri... 
sports		S_RAiNA_5* 
sports		Down the fantastic Tommy Clucas Sports Hall in Peel for Peel AFC Juniors training, watching Josh do what he loves. Hmmm needs a kart  
sports		Back on the sports massage and physio train again 👎, now time for a pummelling bringthepain bastardknee 
sports		The Premier League is back and so is LUKE TARR from Star Sports with his Trixie recommendation 
sports		FREQ:3760 H 30000 
sports		Power Elite Media: Sports News UTSN => Amendola Officially Ruled Out For Week Seven 
sports		BiG_UpDt oF SeRieS, 
sports		V Kohli 32 Not Out 
sports		I don't promise much, but I do promise to never tweet about sports. Especially important, upcoming college football games.... 
sports		Really? What does it matter anyway? 
sports		Minister of Culture, Sports, Tourism questioned by NA at 
sports		Remember 'No Pay, No Play' 
sports		Raina 10* 
sports		FULL LIST OF APPLICANTS *3 of 3* 
sports		Cos Mr Leow during sports day he was like 'the class tee v.ugly' when mr huang hvent come 
sports		City: Kandhkot 
sports		Sky Sports: Ferguson: I'd done my time MUFC 
sports		-- Fact or Fiction -- You have a one in three chance of figuring out the bogus story, of course you could also LOSE! 
sports		Virat Kohli : 33/33 
sports		Indian SuryaRay Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka: Sri Lanka Cricket... Indian 
sports		Need to find a sports bar in Malta showing the Chelsea game. 
sports		Ind 105.4 
sports		12.5: WICKET! S Raina (17) is out, c Shane Watson b Mitchell Johnson, 76/3. 
sports		ProBasketballTalk 2013-14 Preview: Los Angeles Clippers (NBC Sports) 
sports		But it's an irony that most of the sports persons look too old for their age after they cross 40 (there are exceptions of course) 
sports		Sports: Azerbaijani leader sworn in for 3rd term 
sports		your double is on sky sports now 
sports		Check out "Arsenal XI: Will Cazorla and Özil Both Start in Saturday's Match Against Norwich?" at PremierLeague 
sports		Grid's Jets.. Jets ready for Pats' Gronkowski if he plays or not (The Associated Press) 
sports		no, my software makes the blur. haha. not on purpose. 
sports		topoli NFL: Former NFL coach Bum Phillips dead at 90: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... yeg 
sports		Omron HR-210 Strapless Heart Rate Monitor, no box $14.99 pedometer sports 
sports		HOT DEAL ALERT!! Costumized Sports Gear is on sale 50% off! Don't miss out this is only for a limited time!... 
sports		All super sports! Your Favorite DSTV channel? ChangeMyStory" 
sports		SC man runs over accomplice, shot dead by officers - Aiken Standard (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		High school 
sports		For excellent deals of the week on camping furniture , Don't Delay! 
sports		... nfl bears 
sports		dreamcar car sports super buggatti gold black 
sports		"Tennis and golf are best played, not watched." 
sports		Croston Sports Club Reserves game at home to Slyne with Hest Reserves is ON 
sports		Sky Sports: Ferguson: I'd done my time 
sports		[Sioux Fls Biz Jrnl] Sports briefs: Late rally fuels Herd in Muskegon 
sports		Ind 98/4 
sports		Crawley v Bradford today. My son is Crawley Sports Therapist, so watching with interest. 
sports		Webb Simpson takes four-shot lead at halfway stage of the Shriners Hospitals for Children Open in Las Vegas Sports 
sports		IND VS IND 
sports		Tigers’ Max Scherzer has his head in the game - Boston Globe RedSox 
sports		I should just quit all sports. Clearly not cut out for this shit. 
sports		So I was supposed to meet at 8am at the sports centre for the kayak trip. I woke up at 8.12am... 
sports		Football: 'Ghost goal' helps Bayer Leverkusen spirit away top spot in Germany. Watch the video here: !!!??? 
sports		Sports News 
sports		Saturday Sports Standouts 
sports		The result would be different if the LG third base coaching staff stopped runners from running home. 2 Chances gone miscalculation 
sports		Grid's Jets.. Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press) 
sports		Sports day is here! 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press) nfl sundays nfc afc 
sports		Seriously enjoying the red bull tv app. If your into extreme sports well worth dowbloading! redbulltv nolimits awesome extreme 
sports		All I'm going to say about today's EN Assists is that they include a picture of Kris Letang in a No. 49 jersey: 
sports		Rufai ‘comes clean’ on 98 WCup: Former Nigerian goalkeeper, Peter Rufai has exclusively to... RoyalTimesNg News 
sports		AccaTracker betting PremierLeague 
sports		St. Paul's 4-star offensive lineman Josh Casher puts in some time at defensive tackle (video): With several... 
sports		DailyMail - WVU football: Numbers, nuggets for WVU vs. Baylor CFC 
sports		some kind of equipment (like sports equip) or something 
sports		All the 2014 PBT team previews in one spot (NBC Sports) 
sports		PpL 
sports		Former Celtics hall of famer arrested at airport 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a... cnet technews 
sports		IndianFootball 
sports		That's not even sports! Whahaha 
sports		Not into that. Thankfully. Too many sports! lol 
sports		The Guardian: Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web Bundesliga 
sports		eMotion e2 Electric Motorized Push/Pull Golf Caddy Cart Trolley + Free Voice GPS $1495.00 Golf sports 
sports		topoli Golf: Sizzling Simpson grabs four-shot lead in Vegas: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... yeg 
sports		Apostei a favor do Real Madrid a 1.23 no jogo Real Madrid v Malaga BetfairMobile 
sports		FA commission 'lacks diversity' Football Association chairman Greg Dyke's England commissi sports bbc 
sports		Tony Parker Leads The Spurs to 106-104 Win Over The Hawks Sports hawks Spurs TonyParker 
sports		Seahawks beat Cardinals, 34-22 
sports		Don't miss artist & curator David McLeavy's experimental sports event 'Work! Work! Work!' today as part of AS2013 
sports		We broke it before the medias and even Sky Sports. MUFC eat that  
sports		Special offer, excellent savings on sleeping bags warm weather, What a deal! 
sports		Hell would freeze over before Bar Rafaeli couldn't get a date. The number of men who would want to date her would be in the BILLIONS! 
sports		Finally the sky sports fantasy football app is on Android! Can make some changes now! 
sports		Hoping for clouds in the sky on your kid's sports day to provide relief from the sun. 
sports		Some men have wars, other sports, some their cars. Me, I've got my great battle all up here. Up here, in the mind. 
sports		Oops. Got myself a new sports manga to read yayy 
sports		Doing too much sports, definitely gonna get myself injured if I carry on -_- 
sports		Tom Gulitti: What happens if Devils' slide continues? 
sports		Google Hot News Kate Middleton Shows Off Flat Midriff at First Sports Event Since... InstantFollowBack YBNews 
sports		NORTH AMERICAN HEALTHCARE(TM) SPORTS PULSE RATE RING $15.08 sportinggoods monitor 
sports		Check out this article from Cardinals rout Dodgers to advance to World Series: 
sports		1.8-million-year-old skull shakes mankind’s family tree fashion sports 
sports		crush stupidattraction 10th sports strangers 
sports		will play for the national team!!! wow so proud of you  
sports		Sports update Wallabies 33 - all blacks 41. Half time, Brisbane roar 3 - Sydney FC 0. boymeetsgirlwedding 
sports		It's 4:09am and I'm wide awake and watching espn sports center insomina 
sports		NEW OHSEN DUAL TIME DAY DATE ANALOG DIGITAL MENS SPORTS QUARTZ WRIST WATCH 0918: $9.71 (0 Bids) End Date:... 
sports		Same as the sub-standard sports reporters on radio trying to kiss ass to get jobs at Super Sport 
sports		16-year-old missing in Watertown - WKOW 27: Madison, WI Breaking News, Weather and Sports 
sports		Remember lfc is showing on BT Sports today ynwa 
sports		- 
sports		Help! Looking for last minute sports massage appointment in Aberdeen. Any recommendations? Usual person injured! 
sports		Bayern, Real and United win in Champs League 
sports		just said I looked like a sports illustrated edition model tonight 😂😂 I can't!!!! Hahaha 
sports		Nolan Ryan Retiring as CEO of Texas Rangers 
sports		This is a no brainer: 
sports		I'll be sitting and watching my 2 girls. And about 50 others. In a sports hall. With extra echo... Maybe bacon can save me? 
sports		Hey, just for that, I'd like to say: your refs are shit AGAIN & most of your team are cocky pussies. Very few are good sports. getalife 
sports		Seriously how are them Leo girls in Italy ?? Are they not in sixth year ?? Only place I went while in sixth year was hurling club sports 
sports		BANvsNZ 
sports		Sega Genesis Sega Sports Edition Lot (12 Sports Games, TESTED/WORKS!): $60.00 (0 Bids) End… 
sports		David Moyes hopes Adnan Januzaj will commit to Manchester United: David Moyes says Manchester United are close... 
sports		I just entered the super6 football Tipster Comp to win £50 You can too visit 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press) NFL Saints 
sports		BBC Sports: Januzaj signs five-year Man Utd deal 
sports		nice girls no 
sports		Round of applause for the Indian media please Afraid of India's chasing success, Aus bowls first 
sports		Fucking despise American sports. 
sports		AUSvsIND 
sports		The gifs that keep on giving: Ravel Morrison, gravity and a mistaken dolphin: Featuring the be... Sports Comment 
sports		Kinda like that.....  compulsory for late night sports viewing on the sofa ! 
sports		Did Dorna not notice anything from WSBK round there?!" Good point, but Dorna pay attention? Naah, only int in £€$ 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press): ST. LOUIS (AP) -- With the red-clad crowd roaring more loudly... 
sports		sydneyisskyblue 
sports		Check out "Moyes: Januzaj’s future is with Manchester United" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		cricket Monkeygate: Ricky Ponting slams Cricket Australia for letting him down: Former Australia captain Ricky... 
sports		The fact that my dressing room has sky sports 1 is fantastic, hopefully catch a half of the game! 
sports		ha I'm a jd sports man nowadays toddy Laa ha 
sports		So I think I've strained my Anterior talofibular ligament. Who says doing a sports course is useless? 
sports		Sports: Roche: Random Thoughts With Red Sox A Win Away From World Series - CBS Local MixAlotDjz 
sports		Ethiopians try 'Twitter diplomacy' to lure top talent via football soccer Ethiopia 
sports		Ind vs Aus: Australia opt to bowl against India in 3rd ODI - Times of India: Times of IndiaInd vs Aus: Austral... 
sports		I wanna win a Sports Collection Bible by Giveaway BlogHop ends 10/20 
sports		The state of the Sunderland fans on sky sports ahaha SMB 
sports		Virat Kohli 35/35 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli counter attacks, India 60-2 in 10 overs via 
sports		Where Sports meets Humanity! Amazing Video! 
sports		V_KoHLi_35* 
sports		Tigers down 3-2, but ace is up: Jim Leyland was convinced even before it started that Game 5 of the American... 
sports		Delaware Valley Regional High School football team rolls past Somerville - The Express Times - LehighValleyLive.co... 
sports		Watch Pakistan and Indain TV channels Live Streaming at 
sports		Rob's Sports Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Charges possible for Boy Scouts leaders who toppled Utah rock formation fashion sports 
sports		hot sports news Bum Phillips dies at 90; folksy Texas football icon... socialshakeup 
sports		Check this Warner to become `bigger legend in cricket` than Buddy Franklin in AFL... SuryaRay India 
sports		I'm at sports paradise w/ 2 others 
sports		Madrid, PSG set for January friendly 
sports		~GP~ 
sports		hope the trials go well - first one to tweet a photo wins a cuppa on Monday 📷=☕ 
sports		Sky Sports News, is now trending in Manchester 
sports		Cycling 62.6 km in 02:28:35 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		This kid has had ONE half decent game & he gets a new 5 year deal & Sky Sports wanna suck him. Die Man United. 
sports		VOA NEWS 
sports		Girls and sports 
sports		5am grinding in ATL! 5 hours until game time at Suwanne Sports Academy Suwanne, Ga roadtrip Pr1de 
sports		Yes indeed, both titles are free, quarterly magazines usually given away in SundayHerald and elsewhere like sports shops etc 
sports		Capitals Coach Adam Oates switches up the forward lines - Washington Post 
sports		bad men Racquet Zone Sports Center 
sports		Sports Network - Women's Tennis: Kremlin Cup Womens Tennis Update - Oct 19 
sports		Overs_13.0 
sports		Special Report: W.T.A. CHAMPIONSHIPS: The Year of Serena Williams 
sports		Januzaj signs five-year Man Utd deal 
sports		Sports Ministry Fraud a Symptom of Venezuela&#039;s Race for Dollars 
sports		What was the biggest scandal in sports history? Prob 1 
sports		Don't fancy getting out of bed to do your FootballJackpot? No worries, play online here! 
sports		Available between 11am-5pm 
sports		We are the "DRAGONS" of Team 3 Futsal team for GMI GAPP Sports Carnival 2013. potd ootd GAPP… 
sports		Sweet! abbywambach usasoccer soccer#futbol 
sports		【★RETWEET & ƒ σ ℓ ℓ σ ω ★】-►-► TeamFollowBack F4F 
sports		I know and textiles, photography, business, sports and pretty much everything ahha you? 
sports		10 great analog sports cars - Yahoo Autos via 
sports		Refocused Demian Maia believes he's better than ever for UFC Fight Night 29 (Yahoo Sports).. MMA UFC 
sports		In KershawSeniorA CambsFA 
sports		Was planning on exploring a bit of Manchester but the hotel has sky sports. No second thoughts! CricketFace INDvAUS 
sports		Martin Jol must guide Fulham past Crystal Palace to save his job: By Kristian Balkin Martin Jol is on ... sports 
sports		Indian India 3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India: Australia... SuryaRay 
sports		CANT MY PARENTS SEE THAT I DONT LIKE ANYTHING TO DO WITH SPORTS 
sports		guilty The proof that Aaron Hernadez is guilty of murder, see it here: NFL 
sports		Sports: Gordon back on the cusp - Richmond Times Dispatch MixAlotDjz 
sports		2014 WILSON SIX.ONE 95L now available in Maher Sports! Wilson tennis 2014 rogerfederer exclusive… 
sports		I love sports! 
sports		Duke looking to continue winning ways vs. Virginia - By JOEDY McCREARYAP Sports Writer DURHAM, N.C. (AP) - There's... 
sports		Age: 17 years 
sports		Red Sox One Win Away After Beating Sanchez 
sports		Police Release Photos of Robbery, Shooting Suspect - (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		SMH! Buwaya PBA: Terrence Romeo adds name to 2013 draft pool 
sports		Vacaville Gymnastics members strong at Santa Cruz event - The Reporter 
sports		Swim Time Cover Clips for Above Ground Pool Covers - 30 Pack 
sports		Reicher 29, Arlington Grace Prep 16 
sports		New post: USA TODAY Sports college football staff picks - USA TODAY 
sports		[Sports] Cardinals rough up Kershaw, headed to World Series (Yahoo Sports): ST. LOUIS (AP) -- With the red-cla... 
sports		Strolling down towards Lords seems odd this time of year, but looking forward to popping in for a bit of the London Sports Writing Festival 
sports		Tandem Sports Runner Self Defense Spray $11.99 sports running 
sports		Michael Jordan’s 56,000-square-foot suburban Chicago mansion is going up for auction vía 
sports		Hahaha guys on Fox sports complaining about the All Blacks & the ref AGO haha catch up All Blacks are on another level MATE laughing 
sports		I forgive you for blowing up my timeline...congrats, my man Cards heading to 19th WS after dismantling of LA 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli counter attacks, India 60-2 in 10 overs UAE 
sports		£3:50 a swimsuit won't be hard to get.. Sports direct would have cheap ones  
sports		The sports area at Filton looks so good 
sports		My mum just asked my dad if he's going to look hot tonight in his sports gear oh my please stop 
sports		Roma extend 100% start with Napoli win 
sports		MS Dhoni : 8/16 
sports		For live courage 
sports		LucidBrake on Facebook SPORTS 
sports		Mpege 2 
sports		Hornography via 
sports		wohk. I m a blue all across sports. Mi, chelsea, team india. 
sports		Loveland football wins another for Poovey: With John Poovey honored at halftime, the goal for the Loveland... 
sports		If you are placing a bet on today's football, sign up at Coral. Up to £50 free through us. 
sports		Xavier Doherty:0.2-0-1-0 
sports		Dosto Q mobile A2 Classic Kis ke Pass Hai comment plz 
sports		Because, MOD Prefuse van converter and... UNT GMG C-USA 
sports		Our 1st Leg for the new accawhacka is Blackpool +0.5 and Liverpool Over 1.5 Goals with $25 on it. Return $60.57. 
sports		<object width="425" height="355"> 
sports		Cardinals 9, Dodgers 0: With Win, Cardinals Are World Series-Bound: St. Louis advanced to its second World Ser... 
sports		sports in the community look like the dream job soooo werl see what happens 
sports		Sky sports slater full of banter will Paul 
sports		really ? Youd need to sign me on today. I was a brackley sports player last time I checked! 
sports		IND: 76/3 
sports		On Bt sports they have toasters and they put the bread down at the same time and whichever one pops first supposedly wins. 
sports		Anybody want a free sky sports day pass code from carling packaging for NOWTV ? 
sports		How to turn Bloodseeker into a Sports Car (1817ms) WTF 
sports		Seniors News 19/10: GAME DAY - Olympic v Holwell Sports (3:00). Linby CW Res v Olympic Res (2:30). Wollaton III v Olympic III (2:30). 
sports		Is there a sports event I'd like to watch less than a STLCards / RedSox WorldSeries? I honestly can't think of one. Ugh. MLB NLCS ALCS 
sports		Australia has Played 5 games at thes ground, wiN 4 And lOS 1 
sports		The History of the Designated Hitter 
sports		Why not fight over DM? Come guys we need to read sports not your fights RT Why don't (cont) 
sports		F8 BALCK MINI Sports car Unlockedl phone Quad Band Dual SIM MP3 mobile phone $61.99 cellphones CellPhone 
sports		MMA BEAT DOWN: UFC 166 weigh-ins at 5:00pm ET/ 2:00pm PT 
sports		Check out "Mike Miller scores 19, Grizzlies down Magic 97-91" at NBApreseason 
sports		Charming South Woodford Room. Inc TV Sky Box all Movies Sports Channel Inside Room Free WiFi : South Woodford Eas... 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - 2013 MLB Playoff Gear at Don't forget to visit our site! 
sports		Clemson trustees give 1st approval to sports arena 
sports		Louis Saha will be seen playing in IMG-R's IPL-style football league in India in January. Read: 
sports		Game of the Week highlights: SHG 67, Glenwood 35 
sports		2) Family 
sports		You never know, the A-League refs may save you yet 
sports		Wilmington sports: Sophomore has two saves 
sports		Check out Must Have High Tech Gear! 4 is incredible! 
sports		Sports News: Austrailia c shikast khane k bad Pakistan nine a side hockey tornament k final c bahr. Report: Ali Bux Mahar 03003261114 
sports		Cycling 52.2 km in 01:50:31 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Aging with aikido grace - 
sports		Save money! Latest deals on hiking flashlights , Click now! 
sports		UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 news breaking info worldaffairs Stayinformed 
sports		Nordqvist, Hull-Kirk Tied for Lead in Korea news breaking info worldaffairs Stayinformed 
sports		FRIDAY NIGHT SCORES! High School Football Week Eight IHSA Schedule and Scoreboard IHSAFOOTBALL FOOTBALL CNBLOG 
sports		I'm not a sports person. 
sports		Virat Kohli : 30/29 
sports		Ateneo-B defeated San Beda-B in the Fr. Martins Cup this morning. Ateneo claims title. 
sports		Check out "From Roma to Torpedo Kutaisi - the stingiest defenses in Europe this season" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		hi Don. We are a sports highlight show based out of Los Angeles, California. 
sports		Phoenix 98510 Easy-Up Manual Treadmill $120.00 sports Cardiovascular 
sports		Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports n pretty women in miniskirts n heels u beta go marry Mini skirt ko baggy jean ni 
sports		thanks love  jd sports kids section ha ha. Hope your keeping ok stranger. 
sports		Johnson remains unflustered (Sky Sports) LFC 
sports		Also while am being busy on twitter am now watching sky sports news... Why do they bother with anything but football? whocaresaboutrugby 
sports		Manziel or Mariota? Let’s have a Heisman debate via 
sports		IpL 
sports		Do me a favor folks, follow and And also this facebook page: Gracias. sports news 
sports		All my Hallowscream bitches were such good sports last night. Hope tonight is just as good... 
sports		Hart has shown why he is No.1, says Pellegrini 
sports		UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35: Down 21, UCF rallies twice to upset No. 8 Louisville 38-35      
sports		Striiv Play Smart Pedometer Designed for iPhone 5, 4s, Ipod touch Bluetooth $20.99 pedometer sports 
sports		Baseball ▪ Cardinals Rough Up Kershaw, Headed to World Series: Clayton Kershaw was long gone. Michael Wacha k... 
sports		read it out in the changing rooms today ! 
sports		Any local pubs round here have BT Sports!? 
sports		You know what I meant, the bourbons are starting to talk, just wait till the Newcastle game later on maddrunk 
sports		No. 24 Virginia Tech sacks Pittsburgh, 19-9 - By HANK KURZ Jr.AP Sports Writer BLACKSBURG, Va. (AP) - Logan Thomas... 
sports		we got to go somewhere we can watch Newc vs Liv before, sports bar? 
sports		Running 34.4 km in 02:44:15 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Overs 20 
sports		E-Sports fanatics, it's gonna be a great weekend! What are you gonna watch ? 
sports		Golf-Ninyette leads as compatriot Rumford sizzles in Perth (Reuters): Oct 19 (Reuters) - Australian Br... 
sports		at home mate ordered bt sports this mornin 
sports		"3rd ODI" 
sports		We'll share our bets next 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web - 
sports		Digital Media Habits and Brand Engagement of Avid Sports Fans [INFOGRAPHIC] 
sports		Ready 
sports		Celtics to unveil statue honoring Bill Russell (NBC Sports) 
sports		Latest I've stayed up in awhile! 
sports		NEW POST - Sky Sports Fantasy Football – SSFF GW10 team 
sports		R_Raina_17 OuT 
sports		For camping made easy you need quality hiking stoves, See deals now! 
sports		Blowouts abound on the Football Friday scene. We've got all the games covered. 
sports		Kate Middleton was taking part in a sports workshop at the... 
sports		The London Sports Writing Event was superb. It was great to learn/hear off experts in their field. 
sports		FULL GAME RECAP: Serra wins 36-0. See analysis & interviews. 
sports		Don't ignore tempting savings on women's hiking shoes, Save now. 
sports		Cardinals crush Dodgers 9-0 to earn trip to World Series for 2nd time in 3 years 
sports		Shooter Skelhon targets Euro gold 
sports		IND_vs_AUS 
sports		A bizarre "ghost goal" allowed by the ref, but not legitimate 
sports		all sports event will be held on next week blegh so lazy tmbh la hitam 
sports		cricalive, extracover, crictime and star 
sports		Just commented on Green Thumb/Red Thumb: It’s the week in comments - 
sports		Rugby legend Brian O'Driscoll showing his skills 
sports		Reserves v Fenstanton at Fenstanton Sports Field 
sports		Other siblings are just naturally best at all sports 
sports		Mary zawaal sy phly chor gya wo mjy. 
sports		Bill Russell Arrested for Carrying Gun at Airport sports athletics athletic 
sports		UCF did something the UF couldn’t do in: They beat all-everything qb Bridgewater and his high-flying Louisville. 
sports		IndvAus: Kohli 36*, Dhoni 13* circumspect as 11 runs have come in last 4 overs. India 94/4 (19 overs) 
sports		FC Barcelona vs. Osasuna | La Liga - Gameweek 9 | Kick off: 2:00am later (PH Time) | Live TV coverage on Star Sports | 
sports		The all blacks are the best sports team on the planet right now 
sports		buzzing! Soo much sports bantz 
sports		Sky Sports News, is now trending in Ireland 
sports		Overs 23 
sports		My trophy just in case you were wondering why I was wearing a sports bra earlier  
sports		*NEW POST* Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Arm... 
sports		Get out of Brisbane: Lethal: LEIGH Matthews says if Simon Black is serious about pursuing an AFL ... (Fox Sports) 
sports		i need idol sports championships wow im so late 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni gets going, India 94-4 in 19 overs 
sports		saya grabe! 
sports		FollowBack TeamFollowBack Networking Business Keyrings Ebay BoyBands Sports Football Celebrities Follow Pls RT or follow me! 
sports		ManUtd Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armsto... 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a quad-core... Tech 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: 
sports		The haka must be one of the best traditional activities in sports. allblackeverything" definitely 
sports		Appeal after bid for 40 homes refused: Developers hoping to build 40 homes on sports fields next ... Oxfordshire 
sports		Spain La Liga fixtures (9th matchday) via Barcelona Valencia Sevilla Villarreal Espanyol 
sports		Report: Carlos Peguero’s wife ripped off Felix Hernandez’s wife (NBC Sports) 
sports		St. Francis keeps playoff hopes alive: Joe Connelly remembers the empty feeling that weighed on the defensive... 
sports		Earnhardt Jr. confounded by track he once dominated - Baxter Bulletin nascar 
sports		Suit alleges illegal cartel on TV, Internet sports -... 
sports		Trouba OK after scary crash into boards NHLJets 
sports		ManUtdNews Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web guardian 
sports		New Zealand 41 Australia 33 - All Blacks seal whitewash in Dunedin thriller [ Telegraph sports ] 
sports		8 girls were standing on a track for racing. 
sports		>POETRY 
sports		Hate it when people talk about sports they can't play 
sports		77 BE 
sports		FUCKING HELL 
sports		MountainBiking 57.0 km in 02:36:48 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		FINALLY get near a TV, thanks to the BIL I'm watching Fox Sports. GO SYDNEY!!! 
sports		Contact 
sports		Numb kind of ending for Dodgers 
sports		You don't have long... 
sports		FINALLY!!!!!!!!! 
sports		Just played: PSA-Strange Bedfellows - "High School Sports: A winning part of a complete Education" 
sports		Citizen Sports Fantasy Football 
sports		Check out the greatest GPS Watches online! 
sports		>JOKES 
sports		Gordon back on the cusp - Richmond Times Dispatch - SportsTapApp 
sports		FiT Exclusive - NUFC v LFC - 7/2 for both teams to score and LFC to win. 
sports		Still goes on to proove that Football is the Most Beautiful game there will ever be! 
sports		Get money back on selected losing bets if Suarez scores against Newcastle today W: M: LFC 
sports		Greg Cosell’s Film Review; Russell Wilson finds Sidney Rice for the score got500 
sports		College roundup: Auyer lifts SUNY Potsdam 
sports		FOOTBALL ON THE BIG SCREEN: Tonight at 5.30pm - West Ham vs Man City - dine on our Sports Snack Menu upstairs 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Stoke City - West Brom" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		FULL LIST OF APPLICANTS *2 of 3* 
sports		i need some tattoos, ear piercings, long black socks and these shoes in the color black. 
sports		He is not in the list yet maybe. Thank you correction. 
sports		ChildreachInt Sports Initiative in Nepal develops important personal skills whilst improving the children's health 
sports		I placed £10 with Coral on Estimate (1.45) & Dawn Approach (3.30) both to win 9/1 
sports		Football: Tampa Bay Tech 22, Freedom 3 
sports		Nancy Robinson - National martial arts Examiner - Combat Sports 
sports		Best sports person ive ever met.David Ginola in the metrocentre car park.#SportingCelebrityIveMet hot 
sports		adidas Men's Adipure Motion Golf Shoe 
sports		My school had the sports day yesterday so I ran and tugged a rope... My myscles are literally killing me x_x 
sports		2013 OHSEN DUAL HOURS STOPWATCH COOL MILITARY MENS SPORTS WRIST WATCH W9: $9.72 (0 Bids) End Date: Saturday... 
sports		New post: How to customize your Embroidery sports t-shirts 
sports		DailyMail - WVU football: Crook wants offensive line to change mentality CFC 
sports		(VIDEO) "Futebol e um dom de Deus" (Football is a gift from God). 
sports		that phud is everywhere, on holiday the water sports company was called YOLO water sports 😭 
sports		More preowned Cars for sale! Added SEAT Ibiza to V12 Sports & Classics Ltd. 
sports		Perfect way to start a Saturday 
sports		Sabtu sehat! 💪👊 (with Milkha, Heryansen, and 3 others at Pola Bugar Sports Club) [pic] — 
sports		I'm at Sonora Sports Tavern (Barcelona) 
sports		World Test Championship can be `shot in arm` to revive red-ball cricket: Boycott 
sports		Cars a beast!! sports inlove 
sports		Sports,Tech & Health Daily is out! 
sports		GMM SPORTS EXTRA 
sports		Live: Jets 4, Blues 3 (Final-shootout) 
sports		Next to do item today = need to find new sports shoe..dah uzur sgt sport shoe skrg 
sports		THE NATIONAL LIFEBUILDERS CONFERENCE 
sports		having fun trying kurling for the first time & loving it! Primary Sports Camp! 
sports		5x Sports Knee high Tube Socks For Football Soccer Softball Baseball Volleyball $9.03 
sports		Contact - Sports Apparel 
sports		Golf-Ninyette leads as compatriot Rumford sizzles in Perth (Reuters) 
sports		Third-party fire and theft for Gareth Bale and Chris O'Dowd in the (bicycle) saddle: 
sports		I have an Academic Sports League Competition today at 7:30 am. Wish me a good luck 
sports		Mumbai sports bars only show cricket, cricket and more cricket! Good opening for a sister franchise here, c'mon the toon nufc 
sports		Make your camping trip safe & fun Men's Hiking Clothing , Save now. 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armstong... mufc 
sports		Performance car directory - high performance and sports cars, parts and accessories 
sports		ChampionSports Bra Brassiere 
sports		McKay wins SPFL September award 
sports		Make your camping trip extra special with savings on sleeping bags warm weather, See deals now! 
sports		11/2 
sports		Sir Alex: "To receive the Freedom of the Borough of Trafford & tho will never be able to repay you, John Wooden sports 
sports		When I told why I didn't call him on CBS Sports Radio, I said I couldn't say it publicly on the air. 
sports		Be selective on your insect nets repellents, View best prices, 
sports		harry looks so good playing sports though so u know what i don't care whether he can play it or not just don't stop bc wow 
sports		Thankfully, we receive All matches live in the US. NBC Sports nice one! Keep streaming! coyg afc 
sports		Maserati GranTurismo Coupe 2007 Sports Car bestcars comfortablecars expensivecars 
sports		Our Town sports: Philomath (4-0) takes charge of OreWest race with 45-14 win vs. Cascade (2-2) . Stayton (1-3) falls 55-10 vs. (3-1) Central 
sports		Get the best price on Canteens & Coolers, Special offer, 
sports		Last night I found out this guy who's studying a sports and science degree attends all my lectures to keep his friend company 😄😅 
sports		TALLADEGA Ala.: Gordon relishing chance to race for another Cup - Motor Sports - MiamiHerald.c smacktalksports 
sports		For excellent deals of the week on knives, Shop now. 
sports		Check out "Derrick Favors reaches agreement on contract extension with Jazz" at NBA 
sports		Indonesian Minister of Youth and Sports, Roy Suryo: "Congratulations to Thohir on being able to buy a world class football club like Inter." 
sports		Sports night at Notre Dame School on 22 Oct 2013...dress: cadet PT Gear or appropriate sports clothing! 
sports		Rather happy Dave has just purchased premier sports so I can watch most of the RL World Cup matches and NRL next year!👌 
sports		A champion shows who he when he's tested. When a person gets up & says. "I can still do it," He's a CHAMPION. -Evander Holyfield 
sports		Getting busier and busier for the aboitiz sports day. Hope this would be successful. 
sports		Be selective on your camping mattresses pads, Click now! 
sports		GoKnights 
sports		Azkals News - Azkals top Southeast Asia, move up to 137 in the FIFA rankings - GMA News 
sports		Adnan made it to Sky News lool. Not just sky sports but sky news. Top lad. 
sports		No Sky Sports 1 HD channel, all the others are there though? Any solution? 
sports		Yuvraj Singh 0 OUT 
sports		Spurs in for £25m United reject [Sports Direct News] 
sports		OUT! Yuvraj is gone first ball. Nicked a good length delivery to the keeper. He goes without adding anything to scorecard. Ind 76-4 
sports		Dad: "this is the sports centre where people do sport so this'll be of no interest to you Meg." 
sports		The girl on sky sports news is one of the most amazing things I've seen! wow 
sports		Vikings overcome sluggish start to beat Redhawks 
sports		I want to glorify God through sports with the talent He has blessed me with...” 
sports		Real Madrid set for PSG friendly in Doha 
sports		Tigers pull beat-up Avila in 4th against Red Sox (Yahoo Sports) :Auto pickup by wikyou 
sports		Tuesday And-1 Links: Dwyane Wade releasing documentary on Heat’s title run (NBC Sports) 
sports		Apostei a favor do Arsenal a 1.32 no jogo Arsenal v Norwich BetfairMobile 
sports		Ponting says amateurish Oz cricket far behind countrys other sports despite Argus review 
sports		King James denies witchcraft rumours 
sports		Unfortunately we are not showing the Newcastle vs Liverpool game as we don't have bt sports for those asking. Sorry again 
sports		John Werner’s picks: Baylor offense keeps ISU guessing 
sports		Check this J&K to host postal cricket tourney: Jammu and Kashmir will host the first... SuryaRay India 
sports		UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 Sports 
sports		Sports players should NOT get paid more than teachers and health care workers. Period. 
sports		says on sky sports he is fit to play so I doubt that's true 😂 
sports		Heat Preseason game tonight Vs. The Spurs. Pure joy it'll be. Tomorrow Dolphins game Vs. Bills. Heavy sports weekend for me 
sports		Helmet Display Case $30.00 sports sportinggoods 
sports		The Vegas Nightmare!: Wall Street Math Genius Cracks The Code On Sports Betting & Unleashes His System To The ... 
sports		Former NFL coach Bum Phillips dead at 90 
sports		Sports: Standoff 'delays' start of NLCS - MixAlotDjz 
sports		check this out Rob Gronkowski cleared for return - ESPN: Boston GlobeRob Gronkowski cleared fo... sports online 
sports		Post Edited: WWE: Survivor Series 2012 [Blu-ray] 
sports		Sorry my mistake, got the times confused. Its just starting now live on Fox Sports 2. 
sports		yeah dont be wet.. No but for back day youll want them, get some shitty 3 quid ones from sports direct 
sports		I have yet to see the Bergkamp interview on Sky Sports. 
sports		I can lip read swear words from 192 Nationalities, 
sports		-- George F. Will 
sports		HEADSWEATS MYLIST RUN RUNNING HAT NEW W/TAG $9.99 sports goods 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli hits fifty, India 123-4 in 25 overs UAE 
sports		Mart 59, Axtell 6 
sports		ABC US - UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 
sports		I'm reading... New Zealand beats Australia 41-33: DUNEDIN, New Zealand (AP) New Zealand b... sports newzealand 
sports		Runs:68/2 
sports		Chapeau 
sports		World Boxing Council (WBC) champion to defend her title in Mexico 
sports		>INFO 
sports		Bulls' Rose has 32 points, 9 assists via 
sports		Babil Group plan to spend over $130M on Gahanga Sports village 
sports		Sports Events Wales Welshbiz Cardiff Swansea Newport Penarth 
sports		Offers 
sports		I am damn lucky ..  Live Cricket | Life in the time of Sachin & Federer | Features | Star Sports: 
sports		last wicket yuvi 0/1 
sports		I can only watch the Aviva prem games, cos I don't have sky sports I'll have to watch the highlights tonight when I get in 
sports		This year’s Phuket Thailand Open powered by PTT, the penultimate event of the FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour,... 
sports		Q Sports for the 2nd consecutive time appointed Sponsorship & Marketing Consultants of d 19th National Sports Festival - Paradise Games 2014 
sports		SoSportz Wrist Wrap Weight Lifting Gloves (Large) $9.95 equipment sports 
sports		Football: 'Ghost goal' helps Bayer Leverkusen spirit away top spot in Germany. Watch the video here: omg! 
sports		[Breaking] Former Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 - 
sports		live on skynet sports 5. 
sports		>NEW & SAD 
sports		Live blog - India vs Australia, 3rd ODI in Mohali: Heavy dew in the evening prompted George Bailey to insert I... 
sports		Sports News Australia choose to bowl at Mohali: 
sports		Many US Senators Oppose Ratifying UN Arms Trade Treaty fashion sports 
sports		New- Dallas Cowboys Nerf Sport NFL Weatherblitz XL Football Outdoor Tailgate $19.99 footballs sports 
sports		Jets ready for Pats' Gronkowski if he plays or not 
sports		cricket Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka: Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) may end up appointing... 
sports		13:00 BST, Sky Sports 2 
sports		Black Outdoors Waterproof Double Zipper Belt Gym /Sports/Purse/Mobile Phone Bag: $0.99 (0… 
sports		We are doing cashback on L15s at Kelso. Plus cashback if your horse finishes second in the 3.55pm. 
sports		I like sports and cars! 2 things I'm proud to admit! 
sports		Haseen to tha pr zaheen kitna tha. 
sports		nah. She knows I'm not into sports 
sports		Maroon Defeats Gold, 61-53 
sports		Mitchell Johnson:4.5-1-21-1 
sports		Overs_17.0 
sports		Jokinen, Jets down Blues 4-3 in SO after Trouba stretchered off following ... 
sports		Leeds v Birmingham will be live on Sky Sports 1 HD for UK viewers tomorrow. Kick-off is at 1:15pm GMT. Coverage. LUFC MOT 
sports		yeah I saw it but I've no clue where the sports notice board is! Can u link it me please? 
sports		Victoria away day (Checked in at Bankton Mains Sports Facility) 
sports		For US Rowing’s men, world medals could lead to more of the same at the 2016 Olympics - The Boston G... via 
sports		Eastern Michigan Football Player Murdered: Eastern Michigan University's 20-year-old junior wide receiver Dema... 
sports		Choice:Field 
sports		Saying "EA Sports, it's in the game", at the same time as the fella who says it when FIFA is loading." 
sports		Went to bed. Now up. Glad you liked my sports tweets. It was a HELL of a game. Unreal. 
sports		Run run 🏃🏃🏃💪😎 Floridablanca Sports Center) 
sports		We are currently recruiting sports coaches in the North East, Yorkshire and Merseyside areas. Please email us for info or job descriptions! 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - e, Plus Get $10 Off Your Next In-Store Purchase of $50 or More Don't forget to 
sports		"I wanna play sports because black kids think they're hot shit and they ARENT!! I'm going to rape them!!!!" -spencer 😂😂😂😂😂 
sports		baseball is going to be unwatchable soon.. glad real sports like football and basketball are back atleast 
sports		Heather Rabbatts blasts FA’s ‘lack of diversity’ in stinging letter to the board: By Jamie Sanderson H... Sports 
sports		I've noticed that you lack in-depth knowledge on ALL sports. Well done! SizenzaZonke 
sports		NHL emergency: obscure goalies get moment in spotlight via 
sports		There'll be pre-, half-time & post-match reports via the Saturday Sports Show on today from 2pm 
sports		F 
sports		I love my Job... ChangingLifes InspiringPeople cc 
sports		Italy Serie A results & fixtures (8th matchday) via Roma Milan Inter  Juventus Fiorentina Lazio 
sports		any chance I could have free sky sports for being a loyal customer please? 
sports		RIP NFL notes: Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dead at 90 via 
sports		Wife of M's OF faces federal charges: The wife of Seattle Mariners outfielder Carlos Peguero is facing federal... 
sports		Best way to start a weekend of sports is watching and then some football focus 
sports		Off to Sports Center! ☺ 
sports		Oneida Indian Nation to release new ad decrying 'Redskins' 
sports		R1 Virtual App, TaylorMade Golf Augmented Reality [VIDEO] 
sports		VIDEO: Dodgers Scott Van Slyke and Cardinals Joe Kelly have bizarre standoff before NLCS Game 6 
sports		Badge of Honor: Sports Zone Elite 
sports		IND_55/2 
sports		Job ... jobs 
sports		Cycling 30.7 km in 01:14:40 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		SHSU SOCCER — Sam Houston State hangs on to beat Central Arkansas 1-0 - Huntsville Item mls region3 
sports		Southwest falls, 28-25 
sports		American people are crazy about basketball, baseball and American football, sports that are pointless! 
sports		hi, cannot receive a picture on HD. Can get picture on all other sky sports hd channels, please help. 
sports		Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence: The BCCI has banned Delhi and Kolkata Knight Rid... 
sports		Panel to choose BBC Sports Personality shortlist meets next month. Must be tricky doing that knowing there's only going to be one winner. 
sports		Rugby: All Blacks defeat Wallabies in Dunedin way to go boys 
sports		V_KH0LI_31* 
sports		Saturday afternoon with ladies in tennis court 
sports		NBA preseason: Derrick Rose returns to form for Bulls - USA TODAY 
sports		Sky sports: Adnan Januzaj is the hottest property in football at the moment! HES PLAYED ONE FUCKING GAME!!!!!!!!!! 
sports		Also in other news I've booked in for a sports massage- I'm concerned about unexpected boners and trumping. 
sports		Kolkata Knight Riders pacer Pradeep Sangwan banned for 18 months by BCCI Anti-Doping tribunal Sports 
sports		Guys who got FOX SPORTS channel ? Watch now . Street football tournament at MBS 
sports		James Faulkner:3.2-0-11-0 
sports		S_MAQSOOD 
sports		I'd hate to do a dancing comp in a gymnasium or a sports hall 
sports		Sports cars and brand new models are often more expensive to insure because they're worth more.” InsureToday 
sports		And that's the end of SL Cricket... Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka 
sports		Blue RT What's the best colour for a Range Rover sports? 
sports		KVs not just for kids of senior staff but for all kids. Good models for integration. Great for sports, extracurriculars. Well-adjusted kids. 
sports		Newcastle v Liverpool live on BT sports from 12.45 then West ham v Man City 5.30. Both floors open and 12 screens to watch in on  
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni injured, India 77-4 in ... - Emirates 24/7 dhoni msd ... 
sports		Adirondack Health, Lake Placid Sports Medicine join US Olympic ...: SARANAC LAKE - Adirondack Health and Lake ... 
sports		Sports wear is so much comfortable than dress. Although it looks super nice, but still prefer sports wear. AthleteProblems 
sports		Sale Nike Golf Juniors Dri-fit Tech Solid Polo Shirt $16.58 sportinggoods sports 
sports		Receiver Chris Harper claimed on waivers from Niners 
sports		we're ok ... I think 
sports		http:/… 
sports		Karting nationals finale in Noida - The Asian Age noida news 
sports		what pubs have bt sports?! 
sports		Researchers develop DNA test to catch doping cheats in elite sports 
sports		Good if little tired 
sports		Warner to become `bigger legend in cricket` than Buddy Franklin in AFL football tips Oz media 
sports		12:30 Live MCE British Superbikes - Round 12: Brands Hatch GP - Qualifying 
sports		Today: Live Saturday Night Football on Sky Sports 1 HD at 17:00 - sportontv 
sports		Ind 76.4 over 14 
sports		Example of brilliant marketing strategy. I'm watching 'Real Sports (Aug): Red Bull' via HBOGO 
sports		Update feed.. 
sports		Rose scores 32 in Bulls' 103-98 victory 
sports		East outlasts Patriots for district win: In a battle of attrition, Warren East survived a key district test Fr... 
sports		The Sports Connection Part 2 sports 
sports		I backed 7. Fleming Son at 8.4 in Asct (AUS) 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		(Live) 
sports		¨FTSE 100 beckons for Sports Direct amid reshuffle 
sports		Check out "#Bulls shut down injured Noah for a week" at NBApreseason 
sports		Cook finds England captaincy tiring 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni gets going, India 83-4 in 15 overs 
sports		Shitloads of bacon and a brisk walk is a great hangover cure, feel really fresh now, till football at the sports bar this afternoon that is! 
sports		Loveland honors former long-time coach John Poovey at halftime: John Poovey's career as Loveland's head football... 
sports		Raina and yuvraj will play cricket 2003 EA Sports now... and hit mitchel johnson for sixes indvsaus 
sports		Street challenge 2013 with PHD students NTU Sports And Recreational Centre 
sports		Finally, Denver has its defense back together 
sports		Gymnast Dick breaks into top 50 - Trinidad &amp; Tobago Express this headline is hilarious 
sports		nellys a true visionary of our time. and he's great at sports ooo killem 
sports		Useful background on the NSW LNP's problems, including local stuff about Miranda. 
sports		<param name="movie" val... 
sports		You can judge a sports commentator by the level of hyperbole used. 
sports		Sports center is my only friend late at night when I can't sleep. 
sports		Grant Teaff remembers: Woods’ injury molded Bears’ will to win 
sports		Haha - thanks for having my back, but I can't really pull off street cred RT Oh yeah.... streetcred 
sports		The Antigua & Barbuda Basketball Association’s Business League games at JSC Sports Complex for... 
sports		what other sports are u guys into? Besides rugby union 
sports		sports fan? Follow us and visit our new website: CSU 
sports		Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence via 
sports		Le Clos enjoys glroious return to Hamdan Complex: World and Olympic champions Chad le Clos and Oussama Melloul... 
sports		3- Mohammad Hafeez 
sports		"The Tribunal has found that the Player has committed an Anti-Doping Violation under Article 2.1 of the Code for the presence... SPORTS 
sports		Pro sports destroy the creative power of participants and viewers; putting balls in holes, or nets, over and over again, like drones. 
sports		Media reports burning issues for team before winter Ashes 
sports		Former Oilers, Saints coach Bum Phillips dies: Baltimore Sun » The Houston Chronicle reports: For... nfl ravens 
sports		and sky sports screen it as well 
sports		Kick off 3pm 
sports		WaQT I.D stop 
sports		3rd_ODI 
sports		BOYBANDER OR HOT MODEL FOR SPORTS ADVERTISEMENT 
sports		Spurs game distracts Heat into looking back a bit - Sun-Sentinel 
sports		Breaking: Former Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 - 
sports		The Ambitious Coach Behind Serena Williams | 
sports		Have to watch Chelsea game on first row sports is so irritating😂 
sports		Suspect in Good Faith robbery shot dead by police - Stabroek News (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		Bum Phillips passes away at age 90 - Yahoo Sports 
sports		1) God 
sports		Range rover Your favorite Car?" 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - V1 and V1x Personalized Golf Balls, Now $47.99 at Don't fo 
sports		[Golf] Australia's Ninyette leads Perth International (The Associated Press) 
sports		Artesia News - Nordqvist, Hull-Kirk tied for lead in Korea - INCHEON, South Korea (AP) — Anna Nordqvist of Swe... 
sports		Chua torn during La Salle-UST finals what?! what is the meaning of this? 
sports		1- Ahmed Shehzad 
sports		OvErS_9 
sports		Why a hip problem --common in sports people-- is so under-diagnosed: 
sports		Lesson learned. Next time I wanna work out, I should wear my sports bra instead of changing into it when I need to. 
sports		A tenure of substandard goods. RT Bolumole ends tenure as SONigeria National Director 
sports		Check out "Lillard leads Blazers over Clippers, 94-84" at NBA 
sports		Cast: Bangwar 
sports		Marshawn Lynch flips off the Offensive Coordinator for running a play action after his run to the 6 inch line. 
sports		LOCAL ROUNDUP: Pocomoke nets field hockey win: The Pocomoke Warriors field hockey team defeated Parkside 2-1 on... 
sports		Now in HS Sports... Buffs perfect again in 2nd straight title: The Manteca High girls tennis team... manteca fb 
sports		watch tiger street football live on FOX Sports right now! 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Everton - Hull City" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Going sports direct early in the morning just to buy some grey joggers specifically for today's game commitment?"I think so. 
sports		6 hours later IRAN-#ARGENTINA Football  I'm sure Celeste is not too much into sports,but Mari,Siii ) 
sports		Dose: Damaged and Defeated (Rotoworld) 
sports		Football: Leading South African official suspended - 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni gets going, India 92-4 ... - Emirates 24/7 dhoni msd ... 
sports		Fewell said his players sports wristbands to help with contact Some will be 
sports		Go ahead and sit at mine. I mess around with E-sports. So those websites are all that pops up. 
sports		Arsenal aren't on TV in UK, are they on Fox Sports? Checked guide but it doesn't list them and shows no red button option, thx 
sports		THE YOUNG G.O.A.T: Peyton... NBA , NFL , MLB , MMA , Futbol , NHL , HSSports , Sports , Highlights 
sports		CRAIG CHINN SPORTS is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Hahahaha. Clark trolls Ponting now. 
sports		->> 
sports		, You Don't Even FWM Though.. Lol 
sports		Mommy Teng and Daddy Teng on Sports Pilipinas tomorrow! <3 
sports		Headlines: Cardinals rough up Kershaw, headed to World Series: Clayton Kershaw was long gone. Michael Wacha ke... 
sports		Swimming: 15 second air break 
sports		thanks to New Sky sports HD Tourette-Cam 
sports		Bum Phillips, Colorful Football Coach, Dies at 90: Phillips coached the Houston Oilers (succe... - NY Times News 
sports		J_KHAN 
sports		If water sports are not your thing... then you could always try one of the elephant tours which are popular on... 
sports		you lucky lot visiting today, make sure you swing by the sports hall after 1 to catch some Ultimate Frisbee!  FlyHard mydayatwinch 
sports		Muhammad Ali's grandson Biaggio Ali-Walsh, the American footballer: If success breeds success, then Mu... sports 
sports		Sports Update: Manchester United vs Southampton Tactical analysis, team news, statistics and prediction 
sports		//I'm sorry that I don't respond much, I've just been really busy lately with my sports season 
sports		Wait, WrestleMania is the best selling sports DVD? But I thoughtbut lost the baby? MISCARRRRRIED BABYYYYYYYYY, LMFAO" 
sports		New Zealand beats Australia 41-33 in Bledisloe Cup DunyaNews 
sports		i do love sports but my ass is too lazy to get up from this chair. 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Arsenal - Norwich City" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Are the New Orleans Saints the NFC&#39;s Best? - Rant Sports 
sports		China Spring 42, West 24 
sports		WATCH: Premier League live on NBC Sports Live Extra – Week 8: How to watch every single Premier League game li... 
sports		BCCI bans Pradeep Sangwan banned for 18 months for taking PEDs 
sports		USA TODAY Sports college football staff picks - USA TODAY - 
sports		WADA talk & AMAS meeting Singapore Sports Council) 
sports		Did Dorna not notice anything from WSBK round there?! 
sports		Do sports mimic war or peace? DarkSummoner 
sports		Whether you’re in Chester shopping, off to a sports event or relaxing with friends & family, a stop off at the pub would be perfect. 
sports		Sky Sports classics showing LFC v Olympiakos. "Oooooooh you beauty! What a hit son! What a hit!" One of the best commentary moments ever! 
sports		Sports: Jets look to prove A-League doubters wrong 
sports		Liverpool v Newcastle early kick off and its on BT sports!! what a joke i cant even watch it. Another 6-0  ahha Up the reds! 
sports		Agbonlahor harbours England World Cup hopes: Gabriel Agbonlahor hopes an impressive season for Aston Villa can... 
sports		rounds up all the UKC action this week kentlife 
sports		how do u feel about vandy +7 
sports		sports direct, go in right time and no interview job there and then. 
sports		Ok, what's next Star Sports?? Bring it on!! 
sports		Hibbet sports in tha a.m. 
sports		Tonight we will mainly be rocking at Cobdown sports and social club, Ditton, Kent. Put on your bouncing shoes! 
sports		Is the chelsea game on sky sports ? 
sports		4 MMA tactics that work well in a street fight 
sports		Chase for the Sprint Cup leader Matt Kenseth is relaxed before race at ... - The Augusta Chronicle 
sports		SPORTS: Live Updates 
sports		INDIA 68/2 
sports		I'm at Vamos Sports Complex w/ 
sports		TOURNEY RESULTS THURSDAY 
sports		nufc aren't on Sky Sports... 
sports		Let's invite to Sports Club shal we? And unleash Shingi on them Indian batsmen and short pitched bowling = Mugabe and Tony Blair 
sports		Not all sports legends have championships to their name and that includes these 15 from the NBA, NFL, MLB & more, Can 
sports		Is the Real Madrid game on the red button on sky sports today? 
sports		ODI CRICKET 
sports		The Uehara Phenomenon (NBC Sports) 
sports		College football by the odds: Vegas picks and preview of week 8: Six years ago on this same weekend, sports books... 
sports		I'm at Delta Clubfitt Gym (Delta Sports Complex) (Singapore) 
sports		Ind vs Aus, Live Score Updates: Kohli in prime touch again 
sports		have 12 enhanced acca bets today including Celtic Liverpool Wigan 6/1 
sports		: great compliment to . Marco Andretti still learning from Mario via 
sports		There is huge different between u like to do it, you know how to do it, you have talent to do it in sports, music, work, hobbies everything 
sports		Marathon runner plans to give back | Sports - Home 
sports		I meant was no one judges non issues until a publicity seeker grabs the h/lines. Sky Sports even had to read her Bio 
sports		OMG didn't realise we were going to spend the WHOLE morning in JD Sports. Wish I'd stayed in bed. 
sports		BT Sports 
sports		Sports 
sports		*NEWS* Preview of UFC166 
sports		Friendly game between NMS and Thai soc Sports Centre - 
sports		Check out "12-team NBA Draft Breakdown" at 
sports		Franklin 15701F02 Nfl Bears Medium Uniform Set (15701f02_2) $32.87 sportinggoods sports 
sports		Cricket 
sports		Owatonna braces for battle with sizeable Rochester JM - 
sports		Cardinals Rough up Kershaw, Headed to World Series 
sports		Free Bets of £10, £25, £50, £88, £200 & great offers via - Our favourite is the both teams to score odds! Sports Betting RT 
sports		Today we're dealing Psychodynamics of extreme sports. I keep thinking of & co. XD 
sports		UVa's football team won't lack motivation Saturday against Duke at Scott Stadium: JW” LETS GO HOOS! 
sports		BBC NEWS 
sports		"She provides a meat and potatoes type of workout. No frills, just work." 
sports		"3RD ODI" 
sports		Mogul Sports Groups' Jarrid Frye ready for Season Opener 
sports		Good luck to in the last test of the campaign on Fox Sports now! 
sports		And I'm here lol Will Call Sports Bar & Grill) 
sports		On route to the sky sports studio's with KTBFFH 
sports		Arsene Wenger confirms Abou Diaby has suffered new injury setback: By Jamie Sanderson Abou Diaby will ... sports 
sports		Gotta love Our late conversations about sports! Haha the best 
sports		Heineken Cup 
sports		- Arsenal v Norwich City: Star Sports 2 at 08:00... 
sports		Rob Machado's Surf Quiver, Alli Sports Setup: via 
sports		IND_92/4 
sports		Artesia News - UCF rallies to upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 - LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Eighth-ranked Louisville ... 
sports		Late night watchin sports center 
sports		Bing Sports and Weather apps for WP8 add notifications for more sports, weather: Plenty of Windows Phone owners... 
sports		Hi, you can do BTTS and Match Result online. Just follow the link 
sports		- Newcastle United v Liverpool: ESPN at 05:45 PM 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: India 100-4 in 20.3 overs UAE 
sports		VINTAGE SAN DIEGO CHARGERS MINI GUMBALL FOOTBALL HELMET $1.99 football sports 
sports		Call me a loner idc , i dnt like u nor ur company g to get from all my boys in the BBC Sports Department of course! 
sports		I went 7-3 last week and am confident of going even better on college football this week. 
sports		I miss high school sports though 
sports		Check this Media reports burning issues for team before winter Ashes: The Australian... SuryaRay India 
sports		Asche, Franco may battle for third base in 2014: Philadelphia Inquirer » As the longest season ... mlb phillies 
sports		Top USATODAY: Tom Izzo kicks off Michigan State's season with a bang: The nation's No. 2 team held their annual... 
sports		MOORE UNITED FC RACE NIGHT. 19th October Grange Sports & Social Club. £2 a ticket. ForzaMooreUnited 
sports		yes it is mate Sky Sports 1  
sports		Bulls' win had playoff feel: While the Bulls and Indiana Pacers battled as though the game really counted,... 
sports		7Online - New York news weather sports 
sports		World News & Sports Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Just Got In. Sports Center! 
sports		Get your leather and sports kit out and get sweaty tonight at eXile with 
sports		Round five begins today 
sports		Top Five Masked Wrestlers with Obvious Identities via 
sports		I'm putting a Bra on and two sports bras on rocketnips 
sports		Adnan made it to Sky News LMAOO. Not just sky sports but sky news. Top lad. 
sports		MS Dhoni : 32/50 
sports		New working key: 
sports		It's annoying being the only one in the house who like sports, especially when dad takes the sky sports off the tele. 
sports		Enhanced Acca time - Man United, Chelsea, Arsenal & Everton to win 16/5! 
sports		Tigers pull away for 29-10 win 
sports		OH MY GOD MASSIVE RITTER SPORTS 
sports		Ima watch Sports Center, the highlights/post game comments and cry myself to sleep after, goodnight. 
sports		SND 40404 
sports		Effingham Mt. Zion 
sports		Kanaan: Franchitti retirement rumors not true - USA TODAY 
sports		.... Haha .. Without a paddle 
sports		With Trey Burke sidelined, are Jazz in market for point guard? (NBC Sports) 
sports		JC VOLLEYBALL: MC-New Mexico Military Preview Capsule 
sports		What do you get if you cross a sports reporter with a vegetable? A common tater! 
sports		Sports direct don't se… 
sports		SID:0702/02BE 
sports		Ways to Watch: Live on BT Sports in t... 
sports		Reminder Arsenalfc host Norwich City at 7:45pm (Nepal Standard Time) on Star Sports 2. 
sports		oh but don't worry, I can watch live SPANISH, GERMAN and ITALIAN games instead??? Thanks BT sport & Sky sports 
sports		Another full sports section today. Gone big on the superb achievements of in the FA Cup. Interview with too. 
sports		>Breaking NEWS 
sports		3rd ODI: 
sports		Photo: Can’t wait to snowboard again snowboard snowboarding waiting bleu purple sports 
sports		Sports coaching companies wanted on the register of education suppliers - Join today for a free upgrade. Please RT. 
sports		College Football Picks Utah vs Arizona - arizona 
sports		Name: Hakim Ali 
sports		IndvAus: Kohli reaches his 26th ODI fifty (53* off 56b), 4th in-a-row. India 123/4 (24.5 overs) 
sports		Ocean City beats Middle for first football win 
sports		English FA accused of letting down black players: LONDON (AP) — The English Football Association has been accu... 
sports		El Niño vuelve con el Plato Chic... MountainBiking 41.0 km in 02:50:26 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Sky Sports: Ferguson: I'd done my time FND 
sports		Lineman Ah Kui is a big part of Rocky's success story - Billings Gazette 
sports		ESPN's Andy Katz Talks College Basketball and Jewish Sports Guys 
sports		Who gives a shit if we have a good motto. Time to move on boys premierships stkfc longer 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli hits fifty, India 123-4 in 25 overs 
sports		Dorna knew though from their WSBK round earlier in the year which had same issues. Sykes and Camier both injured there. 
sports		[Golf] Golf-Ninyette leads as compatriot Rumford sizzles in Perth (Reuters) 
sports		You have to go 12 pages back in The "Irish" Star sports pages to read up on lifting the trophy. Cunce! 
sports		Music and sleep is literally my life when I'm not doing anything sports related or school 
sports		Nicol retains US Open title: KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 19 — Malaysia’s squash queen Datuk Nicol Ann David retained her US... 
sports		(17) is out, c Shane Watson b 
sports		How to be a better sports coach 
sports		More preowned Cars for sale! Added Renault Megane to V12 Sports & Classics Ltd. 
sports		S_AHMAD(WK 
sports		National league home game is relocated to Shoebury sports centre today - tip 4pm. We welcome Ware and are hoping... 
sports		Lorenzo takes pole at Australian GP Sports 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Raina gets cracking, India 76-2 
sports		Kohli 31 ø 
sports		Planning a camping vacation? Need camping mattresses pads, Take a look, 
sports		follow sports 
sports		Sports: 3rd ODI: Johnson double blow rocks India 
sports		THAICOM 
sports		mufc Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web | The Guardian 
sports		Getting sports gear (at Shopping Centre w/ 3 others) 
sports		What, for all boy school sports? 
sports		15.1hh 5 yrs Dun Irish sports mare For Sale in Todmorden 
sports		that was an awesome party yesterday at iloilo sports complex 
sports		I dont care about sports (6090s promo): via 
sports		last day of school celebration right , got one video . Then got the sports day one . Got us sia :') . With 2-4 & 2-1 that one . 
sports		let's grab 2 wins today...#achievinggoals 
sports		link 
sports		Cameroon Ethiopia EuropeanTour Nigeria WTA 
sports		miss seeing you on time warner sports net. 
sports		The Buffalo Sabres Naturally End Their Practice With a Dance Circle -- 
sports		Ball by Ball 
sports		Monkeygate: Ricky Ponting slams Cricket Australia for letting him down 
sports		Check this Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka: Sri Lanka Cricket... SuryaRay India 
sports		To GeT All Cricket 
sports		RAINA 10* 
sports		Comeback clinches Southwest's team tennis title - Lincoln Journal Star 
sports		Wheat Kings set for Tiger attack: When the Brandon Wheat Kings leave for the West Coast of the United States n... 
sports		[VIDEO] 131018 Incheon National Sports Festival 
sports		Idk y but if I have to wake up for sports it's easier then getting up normally 
sports		As PGA Sells Its Playoffs, Some Players Aren't Buying : 
sports		Every time I watch movies based on singing or dancing or sports I always think I can do all of those things.Even at 22. Fokkit! 
sports		_SPORTS: Live Updates 
sports		The National Freak-Out League: Week 2 Sports 
sports		I am vicariously happy for the Cardinals on behalf of Syn, even if I don't know a thing about sports. 
sports		Indian India Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka: Sri Lanka Cricket... SuryaRay 
sports		oh goody, a game an aussie can win! Go girls, the blokes are playing sports like drunks 
sports		AUSvIND 
sports		From sports to action-packed adventures, there’s loads to get stuck into with RAFReserves. Get involved 
sports		Souhegan Boys Soccer Drops 2-1 Contest to Pembroke 
sports		Her hobbies include ribbon crafting, cross-stitching, skill stitching, sports, and giving nicknames to others. 
sports		LaMarcus Aldridge has quad injury, will be out for “a few days” at least (NBC Sports) 
sports		like I said, I'm lucky. but then again Nemo, Green Bay is the best team in all of sports, sooo... 
sports		I need a sports massage bad! 😣 where you at?! 
sports		Paul Pierce's hard foul on LeBron James indication of Nets new identity - New York Daily News 
sports		YamgoTV Richard Scudamore insists Premier League are committed to helping FA plan 
sports		Fact; 
sports		10 college football programs facing pressure in Week 8 
sports		Updated NFL Mock Draft 2013 
sports		Today: Live Premier League Football on Setanta Sports 1 at 14:30 - sportontv 
sports		Report: Warriors, Bogut talking contract extension (NBC Sports) 
sports		Hahaha m fllwng this twar RT I've noticed that you lack in-depth knowledge on ALL sports. Well done! SizenzaZonke 
sports		LatestSportsBonuses Premier League: Arsene Wenger confident of Arsenal success: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger ha... 
sports		4kms running sin dolor de rodill... Walking 5.0 km in 00:42:08 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		What a quick gif creation!! Do you make the environment of the video blur on purpose? 
sports		Experience: I savedd my school class during a tornado 
sports		Watch: 4 Football Friday highlights: 
sports		Our Town sports: Silverton improves to 7-1 overall and 5-1 in Mid-Willlamette with 38-12 win vs Crescent Valley. Foxes finish at S. Albany 
sports		FiT Exclusive - NUFC v LFC - Enhanced Odds of 7/2 for both teams to score and LFC to win. You don't have long... 
sports		WELLCOME TO THE PCA STADIUM, MOHALI, FOR THE 3RD ODI BETWEEN INDIA & AUSTRALIA * INDvAUS * CRICKET 
sports		Shane Watson:2.4-0-23-1 
sports		SPORTS CALENDAR from Sky bet Live Betting Calendar for all latest sports 
sports		WTF happened there? It went from 0-0 to up shit creek with a paddle in about 5 minutes 
sports		Can't wait to snowboard again snowboard snowboarding waiting bleu purple sports 
sports		Check out "Rose scores 32 to lead Bulls over Pacers" at NBApreseason 
sports		Cardinals win NLCS, head to World Series Sports 
sports		Cardinals want to send Dodgers to Disneyland - USA TODAY 
sports		Auburn LB commitment Tre Williams leads St. Paul's against Vigor (video) 
sports		Follow for hot gists on sports... 
sports		Matchday: Newcastle United v. Liverpool: Kickoff: 12:45PM BST/7:45AM EST 
sports		How the Bears match up with Iowa State 
sports		Players to meet at 1pm at the Cheshire County Sports Club, CH2 4EU. Nothing less than a win will do for Johnny Conny's red & black army! 
sports		The reserves are away to RS Sports in the 1st round of the Foleshill Charity Cup, hopefully a double cup win today TeamAei 
sports		VIDEO: Britain's Redding breaks wrist in crash: Britain's Scott Redding, the championship leader... sports news 
sports		2nd Nov, Old Elthamians Sports Club Perry Street, Chislehurst fireworks display. Advance tickets guarantee entry! 
sports		Kelly tries to downplay Eagles' game vs. Cowboys: PHILADELPHIA - Former Eagles coach Andy Reid liked to tell the... 
sports		Yeah, it's shocking! 
sports		Round of golf for 2 at Columbia Point $107.50 sports sportinggoods 
sports		MS Dhoni : 0/0 
sports		Fantasy football Week 7 defense rankings: Carolina Panthers up, Houston ... 
sports		nascar news - 2014 NASCAR Nationwide Series schedule announced: For years NASCAR's No. 2 series, the NASCAR N... 
sports		New England Revolution vs. Columbus Crew | MLS Match Pr 
sports		【Sports & Outdoors - Up to 87%OFF $4.46 ★4.2(67)】 
sports		Women come last?RT Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in ... 
sports		new to Fox Sports this summer. 
sports		1st GOAL ASSIST DOUBLE with - Özil (Arsenal) 6/1 & Hazard (Chelsea) 13/2 DOUBLE PAYS A HUGE: 51/1 
sports		It's been said my radio monologues have put more people to bed than some leading sleeping pills. LISTEN: 
sports		Sports/Management Games with RPG elements AndroidGaming 
sports		A weekend filled with sports action thank you 
sports		iwasthere 
sports		A Punch in the Nose. This must really hurt... RedGage Sports 
sports		Sports Illustrated: Previewing Peyton Manning's return to Indy 
sports		Nigeria Sports (Football) :: Bale injury is nonsense, says Agent 
sports		series 
sports		BpL 
sports		has a super special. With a BeBalanced Energy bracelet, get a FREE sports watch. NOW!! 
sports		Or not, oops 
sports		why u be sports journalist ? 
sports		McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf - Yahoo! New Zealand Sport: 
sports		Hey are Arsenal on Fox Sports tonight? They aren't on the guide and I can't see red button description? Thanks in advance! 
sports		haha you seen the video of the man who says 'ea sports its in the game' ?? 
sports		Sports: Each match I play is important: Anand 
sports		CHEAP Clearance Figos Quick Dry Sports Jersey Size M (Kuala Lumpur, end time 7/31/2014 3:36:00 AM MYT) 
sports		Tomorrow, Antigonish native Eric Gillis hopes to break the Cdn. marathon record, a time that has stood since 1975 
sports		"Why not take a break? You can pause the game by pressing +." (Wii Sports)#20 
sports		Watch Sports Streams Live Online | 
sports		Check Out The New Issues Of G Scope, GS Sports & "G" Magazine 
sports		At least i dont need a sports bra to keep my tits in my shirt 
sports		try Cheshire sports club, old county offices in Upton 
sports		Sports & Entertainment Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		2012 champ misses putt; another Lobo wins NM Open - Rio Rancho Observer riorancho nm 
sports		A great and many-sided personality 
sports		Mitchell Johnson:4.2-1-19-0 
sports		ESPN's Andy Katz Talks College Basketball and Jewish Sports Guys [Forward] 
sports		Cardinals rout Dodgers, advance to World Series - Newsday 
sports		Right, the game isn't on Sky Sports... Looks like i'm live streaming then! 
sports		Brand New Nintendo Wii Console with Wii Sports and Sports Resort: $147.00 End Date: Sunday Nov-17-2013 22:21:21... 
sports		U_AMIN 
sports		DoctorWho: BBC to air 50th anniversary Television ScienceFictionMovies 
sports		Laboratory Officer vacancy at Singapore Sports Council sportsjobs 
sports		THE ROPE GOLF BALL TRAINING PRACTICE AID IMPROVE SHOTS $2.52 Golfing sports 
sports		Sports media: I rip radio voices often. Not tonight. Heard some great, factual, analytical stuff from Michael Felder from Bleacher Report. 
sports		sports India bags few Olympics 2012 medals & goes ecstatic Should this state that competes with China do so 
sports		IndvAus: Suresh Raina c Watson b Johnson 17 (19b). India 76/3 (12.5 overs) 
sports		1:10 Radio Control FF Sports Car- Yellow Camaro: $49.99 End Date: Monday Nov-18-2013 0:58:15… 
sports		Range rover sports Your favorite Car? 
sports		Pradeep Sangwan banned for 18 months by BCCI Anti-Doping tribunal cricket 
sports		J.R. Smith says he’d prefer to be a starter (NBC Sports) 
sports		Golf ▪ Australia's Ninyette Leads Perth International: Local West Australian golfer Brody Ninyette shot a 5-u... 
sports		Jets' Evander Kane expected to suit up vs. Blues - CBC.ca - SportsTapApp 
sports		lol.. I'm okay! 
sports		is good for watching sports online mate 
sports		(Yahoo Sports) Friday's Sports In Brief (The Associated Press) saints 
sports		I'm at sports paradise 
sports		VIDEO | Watch - No. 15 Georgia v Vanderbilt - College Football nbc - cbs sports - college | Watch: 
sports		home against litleborough hopefully to make it 6onthebounce who you got ? 
sports		NEW Omron HJ-720ITFFP Downloadable Pocket Walking Pedometer $18.99 pedometer sports 
sports		UCF scores in final minute to stun Louisville (ESPN SPORTS) 
sports		Seems I got slightly distracted. 
sports		Can you sorry pathetic excuse for a sports network put The Arsenal match on TSN2 since its just a 12hr sportscentre loop? wakeup 
sports		Brazil sports minister to stay during WCup: Brazil Sports Minister Aldo Rebelo says he will accept a request f... 
sports		Lol, the sports page on Blick (Swiss site) has a countdown to the World Cup now. (236 days, if you're interested.) 
sports		FIFA President: UAE earned the confidence of FIFA & is capable of hosting global events of all sports” 
sports		Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 vía 
sports		VIDEO | Watch Old Dominion v Pittsburgh - football scores - scoreboard - sports illustrated - rivals | Watch: 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - Shop NIKE Elite Socks at Don't forget to visit our site! 
sports		I don't get it. What's streaking party. The streaking I know dierr sports inside oo...lol 
sports		600 D Used Range Ball Hit Away Golf Balls Practice Shag $0.99 sports Balls 
sports		Sports Broadcaster Erin Andrews&#039; Hair and Beauty Tips - Shape Magazine : 
sports		Man United's Van Persie could miss Southampton clash via EPL football soccer 
sports		Fujikura Fuel 70 S/X 46" w/sleeve for Taylormade R11S RBZ RH LH $225.00 clubs sports 
sports		Bobby Orr and Dave Keon: How memoirs give depth to the sports icons we love 
sports		and I'm studying sports journalism  haha 
sports		OVERS 11 
sports		At lords for the London sports writing festival! 
sports		Kershaw beaten again by Cards as Dodgers ousted - news ff rt follow tech world 
sports		New Zealand beats Australia 41-33 in Bledisloe Cup 
sports		Former Celtic, NBA hall of famer Bill Russell arrested at Seattle airport with loaded gun. wcvb 
sports		Sports Biscuit! 
sports		Read this? 
sports		Surname M-Z 2-4PM 
sports		NFL notes: Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dead at 90 - Boston Globe 
sports		Football: Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Arm... 
sports		Sports: Boy drowns, two rescued form Vic beach 
sports		Villa: Hoping To Lose & Sports Fan Parallels Birmingham 
sports		It's so dead not having Sky Sports 
sports		Sports direct don't sell black boots! 
sports		Woohoo all pau, time to enjoy Friendly Fyre! Rock Bottom Sports Bar and Grill 
sports		Large BLUE Cinch Sack Backpack Beach School Swim Sports Gym Laundry Bag $8.05 pack backpack 
sports		PGA Golf-Ninyette leads as compatriot Rumford sizzles in Perth (Reuters) SportsRoadhouse 
sports		It all goes wrong for Dodgers, as Cards clinch with 9-0 win. bummer good season still 
sports		Running on Treadmill Benefits and Workouts - Explained Visually | | 
sports		Clint McKay:6.2-0-35-1 
sports		Sports massage clients all done, now to find someone to massage me soreshoulders 
sports		Sky sports on one tab, channel 4 on another, maths on a third. Definitely not getting my work done. NightInOnMyOnes 
sports		Must say I don't really approve of supporter groups using four letter swear words on their chants. Can clubs clean this up? 
sports		Time Slots: 
sports		LATTEST SPORTS is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka 
sports		Star Sports online said , i have to subscribe starsports if i want to see the match, bunch of fools, i mean who u r kidding ..an Indian ? 
sports		OVERS 12 
sports		Adan Januzaj signs new five year contract at Manchester United, Sky Sports reports 
sports		The man loves danger and sport. That is why he loves woman, the most dangerous of all sports. 
sports		My sweatpants are too big! What does it say to me? 1.Diet progress! 2.It's been too long since I went into sports. Let's go! healthyliving 
sports		Week 7 NFL Injury Report; Packers might not have 46 healthy players vs. Browns (Shutdown Corner) 
sports		"WE NEED YOU" UCF students & fans, come out to BlacktopMadness Saturday! For more info: ChargeOn 
sports		Mavericks’ Ebanks suspended two games for DUI… if he makes the roster (NBC Sports) 
sports		SunnyFacts Her Hobbies are Swimming, Video Games, Sports 
sports		Excellent meeting yesterday with looking at developing our club links with & 
sports		Hate working down south thank fuck for sky sports GGTTH 
sports		Running 6.5 km in 00:32:15 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		I'm tired of soccer. I wanna play other sports! 
sports		Ab Coaster Max $175.00 sports workout 
sports		Sky Sports Super 6. Free to enter. Pick 6 scores. Top prize £250k. 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Johnson strikes twice; Yuvraj out for a duck, India 76-4 in... UAE 
sports		And I always feel proud discussing Pathans bcoz they hav high percentage in letting up Pak's fame in Sports etc 
sports		Check out "Martinez expects Baines speculation to persist" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		embarrassing in front of women and children. Just a basic courtesy. Call me old fashioned. 
sports		Another round of snow chains for the work vans. No reason to slack now people your equipment will get repaired 
sports		KOHLI 29* 
sports		, Mmmhm! They In The Fridge... & Once DayDay In Bed, He Ain't Getting Out.. Help YaSelf. 
sports		Coach's Show with Rocky Long 11-1-12 
sports		I think there is some in premier sports 👍 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief: BASEBALL… Click to Continue » 
sports		COMMUNITY: UT Volleyball: Volley for a Cure 
sports		You may enjoy Memuna McShane: Civil war in Sierra Leone to soccer fields of Washington via 
sports		NBA - PRE SEASON 
sports		Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 (The Associated Press) cowboysnation 
sports		Or Chat Now 
sports		Men's Leather Motorcycle Bike Hip-hop Riding Fitness Sports Gloves Fingerless $10.89 accessory mittens 
sports		until he passes it will always be mentioned ha 
sports		Grambling St. players refuse to travel 
sports		Jill Witmer's overtime goal lifts No. 1 Terps over No. 4 Syracuse, 2-1...: United goalkeeper Bill ... kansascity 
sports		Gotta love being a sports photographer :P 
sports		Sports chief frets over blasts in Myanmar ahead of Games via 
sports		Friday's Sports In Brief: Yahoo! Sports » ST. LOUIS (AP) -- With the red-clad crowd roari... nfl saints whodat 
sports		sports direct!  
sports		Look no further! Camping deals on walking & trekking sticks, Top Seller Special, 
sports		Fox Sports - Get out of Brisbane: Lethal AFLGF AFL 
sports		Russia mission for John and Morgan: John West and Morgan Alexander will be fighting off all comers when they t... 
sports		Bale set for Real Madrid return: Real Madrid's world-record signing Gareth Bale will play a part in Saturday's... 
sports		The top Mexican boxers of all time - boxing sports 
sports		FOUR! 3rd ODI Match 12.1: M Johnson to S Raina , 4 runs, India 72/2 INDvAUS cricket 
sports		Fast updt 
sports		Get the best price on survival emergency gear, Don't miss out! 
sports		No wonder bowling is a great pastime in SIngapore: - FocusSg 
sports		IND 130/4 
sports		Do you sleep at all? I was transfixed by your sports tweets at 4 am & you're still up! 
sports		I'm reading... All Blacks rise another level: NEW ZEALAND 41AUSTRALIA 33 Anything the All ... sports newzealand 
sports		WICKET: India 37/2 (6.6/50 ov, lost the toss) v Australia,RG Sharma c Finch b Watson 11 (22) Partnership: 23 (5.0 ov),SR Watson 0.6-0-2 ... 
sports		Can anyone advise on surfaces around Killin for sports hybrid w/ thin tyres? Auchlyne - Bovain section doesn't look too good ? 
sports		Deadspin The Official "It Gets Better" Letter Of The Tortured Sports Fan | Gawker Brooklyn... iOS6 iPhone iPad 
sports		Moto GP Phillip 
sports		Today: 
sports		BT Sports free to air 
sports		Make the most of the 138th Run for the Roses with Sports Interaction's Kentucky Derby Infographic! 
sports		Ind 86/4 
sports		Life Style Sports Run in the Dark (13 November 2013) running 
sports		High school roundup: Mt. Lebanon knocks off Penn Hills - Tribune 
sports		Team Report - CHICAGO WHITE SOX (The SportsXchange) 
sports		Ov 22 
sports		Are you aware of the NBC Sports article? Good Luck to the lads today. COYS!!! saintsfc 
sports		i thought yixing cant participate in sports bc he has haemophilia??? or was that a rumor 
sports		Qatar moves up three places on FIFA ranking 
sports		Age is a question of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. - Satchel Paige” 
sports		Former Houston Oilers and New Orleans Saints coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 - sp4zee 
sports		Sports day wasn't actually as horrible as I had expected. I basically did the same thing I do at home on Saturday. Except call people. 
sports		Fox sports....Boltown Wandering will hit the court against the Soccer Owls of Sheffield. The blue stripes will have to shut out to succeed. 
sports		English FA accused of letting down black players - Ct Post connecticut 
sports		Watson has Earthquakes in MLS playoffs quest 
sports		I cannot wear bras, only sports bras. 
sports		Dw sports make it's income from trinity sixth form 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Dell's 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a... Cnet TechNews 
sports		Newcastle vs Liverpool on BT Sports. Not sure if there is a match on sky. 
sports		Virat Kohli : 34/34 
sports		That's what I'm doing all weekend is just watching sports 
sports		Virat Kohli 54/59 
sports		Wilson Sports WTF1730 Wilson Ncaa Replica Fball (wtf1730) $23.89 sportinggoods balls 
sports		First Saturday off it forever and a day. At home, sky sports, mums food. Boom 
sports		They're a special bunch. 
sports		EPL Footballnews Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around... BPL Football News 
sports		Leeds Met Sports Arena, Headingley, LS6 3QS 
sports		Girls who do sports or specifically basketball are the sexiest 
sports		IND 63/2 
sports		Asiasat 5 
sports		thanks 
sports		Agree ... Where big plays at big moments in big games and premierships are currency .... For sure .. Black is a champion 
sports		Hahaha bohot badiya RT Greg Chappell in line to become chief coach of Sri Lanka 
sports		Outdated with sports, what r we watching today, pirates with esperanse, what else r we expecting, I'm khosiefied, remember? 
sports		is giving away 1000s of INSTANT PRIZES for sports fans. OrvilleGameDay Learn more at 
sports		2013 baseball playoffs: Dodgers expect Hanley Ramirez in Game 6 lineup 
sports		RA Daily Sports Update - 
sports		aye, I don't have BT sports so its a good excuse :p 
sports		i want to play baseball , this shit is my sports growing up sembreak 😡😡😡 
sports		Gap holds off Generals to post 2nd win: The Buffalo Gap Bison earned a hard fought 28-20 win over the winless ... 
sports		Dandino camp sets sights on Melbourne Cup - Yahoo!7 News - melbournecup 
sports		Seamus scrubs up well on sky sports news 
sports		With the premier league back we will have to endure my other gurning friend on sky sports. Neville you cunt we love you. gurning friends 
sports		What will Gronkowski's impact be?: Rob Gronkowski is expected to make his long-awaited return to the football ... 
sports		Phuket Sports: Get ready Karon - FIVB is coming กีฬา ข่าวกีฬา 
sports		KOHLI 30* 
sports		OvErS_18 
sports		Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority. 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web MUFC 
sports		Football, Cricket, Stall ball, table tennis, Judo, Aerobics, Zumba ....Copthorne Sports Pavilion has it all! 
sports		what kind of sports does engage in? 
sports		>TIPS 
sports		Toronto NFL: Former NFL coach Bum Phillips dead at 90: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... Canada 
sports		The sports page records people's accomplishments, the front page usually records nothing, but man's failures. 
sports		Smt Sports center is urk me, they just re-run the same thing 
sports		AUBURN GAMEDAY: Tigers understand challenge of stopping Texas A&M's Johnny Manziel 
sports		Sports gives your life structure, discipline, and a pure fulfillment that few other areas of endeavor provide - I am thankful 
sports		Clubs with most fans around the world: Barcelona 340M - Man United 322 - Bayern Munich 192 - Real Madrid 172 [euromericas sports marketing] 
sports		MS Dhoni : 20/39 
sports		Flamini: Return is so special - Sky Sports 
sports		A billion people in China do care about Kobe Bryant lakers 
sports		Comedian Jerry#Seinfeld is lighting the Internet Celebrities Television 
sports		Nike lightweight sports band phone case 
sports		And I'm just wearing my class tee and sports shorts.....but at least it's comfortable hehe 
sports		Sports: McIlroy off pace at Korean Open 
sports		The area is home to the Egyptian Football (soccer) Federation, Cairo Tower, several Police sports & social clubs & sensitive installations. 
sports		I backed Susanna Reid at 9.6 in Strictly Come Dancing 2013 BetfairMobile 
sports		Leigh Halfpenny has been nominated in the Best British Sports Person category at BBC Radio 1’s Teen Awards!Vote here: 
sports		For unbeatable prices on External Frame Packs, View best prices, 
sports		but today was so fun and funny man. never met more horribly not musically inclined sports people in my life 
sports		Check out "Townsend: I took Hodgson's joke as a compliment" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		sports McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf: Seoul (AFP) - Former world number one ... 
sports		Without. Sports. I . Would. Have.no. Life * 
sports		BY MIR. 
sports		Any family friendly pubs in Glasgow CC with Sky Sports? For partickthistle game tomorrow. 
sports		INDIA 63/2 
sports		to show CFRP roof of sports car at K2013 
sports		IND: 89/4 
sports		is setting the visual agenda for sports magazines and the beautiful game. Read the IMSO review: 
sports		In-play betting available in-shop on Newcastle v Liverpool, Man Utd v Southampton and West Ham v Man City. Markets > 
sports		According to Fox Sports, Ã–zil has been named the world's best au flirt like first loves, so obviously it's meant to be 
sports		Suresh Raina : 16/17 
sports		Even your girlfriend cheers for me lg mens simply for sports tshirt $8.99 Clothing sportinggoods 
sports		Sports day Q... [pic] — 
sports		Tonight 8:30 pm 
sports		WWE: wwe rox am watching it v.i.a abu dhabi sports 6 live in full hd n wwe app is the most prestigious app ever. 
sports		take a listen to Imagine Dragons 'Radioactive' not your cup of tea but great sports song, heard it this am & thought of u! x 
sports		Get on our 3/1 treble with BetVictor, check our bet bundle 
sports		Good morning, sports fans: Penn State TE commit Mike Gesicki went with his gut 
sports		Southern Miss losing streak now up to 17 games - San Francisco Chronicle 
sports		Johnson double strike rattles India cricket 
sports		Rose scores 32 in Bulls' 103-98 victory - Chicago Tribune - Rose scores 32 in Bulls&#39; 103-98 victoryChicago Tri... 
sports		Get a hot-bod without going to the gym! Do these stretches while watching TV. 5 works so well 
sports		Bernie: Cards fans can exhale after two indelible games 
sports		Do not worry about missing a premiership match this weekend as we have Sky and BT sports in the Sports Cafe 
sports		IND 106/4 
sports		Ramsbottom based Nursery found £42,306 of Capital Allowances. Find out how by downloading our FREE eBook here 
sports		Amir `praying` to earn ICC reprieve to play domestic cricket 
sports		BCS Pick 2014 from Todd Fuhrman sportsbetting 
sports		Today's the day! 2pm Meadowbank Sports Arena 
sports		Carr to Retire From Michigan, Putting Miles in Tough Spot : 
sports		Running 11.2 km with SportsTracker 
sports		Khloé Kardashian Sports Friendship Bracelets w/Sisters, Snaps Selfie w/Kylie Jenner: 
sports		THE NEW DEMOGRAPHIC OF THE SHOOTING SPORTS: Younger, female and urban/suburban.... 
sports		Basketball legend and TV personality Robert Youngblood is running a half term camp at Billericay Sch Sports Centre. 
sports		Big sports day! Good luck cross country, soccer and volleyball teams & athletes. Seniors: step up with your best effort. lovebeingacomet 
sports		no after holidays extension work -say what Somatotype, what sports and why their body type makes them successful physique 
sports		Saturday, that means getting excited about football for most boys, not stu he's sat watching fishing on sky sports wheredidmymumgowrong 
sports		not sleepy dude. 
sports		Kidlington games today: 
sports		Fundraising Home Run Derby set 
sports		first row sports. There are a few links on that. 
sports		Gap holds off Generals to post 2nd win Sports 
sports		Moyes: Januzaj’s future is with Manchester United The Red Devils boss was in determin... 
sports		How do you feel bout the private vs public issue in sports ? Let us know TSNSports 
sports		Heat say Beasley’s injury wasn’t caused by the punches he landed to his own head (NBC Sports) 
sports		Sky Sports: Januzaj secures United deal mufc 
sports		NFL: Bum Phillips, Texas football icon, dead at 90 Sports 
sports		News: 
sports		BBC Sports: Southend United 2-0 Fleetwood Town 
sports		REI DEAL of the WEEK (thru 10/24) Save 50% on Moving Comfort Sports Bras 
sports		Check out "Moyes: Van Persie doubtful for Southampton clash" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		and Dw sports have a full range 
sports		The Spain Sports Network Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		Cardinals win NLCS, head to World Series 
sports		JUST WHEN I WAS ABOUT TO START PLAYING SPORTS AGAIN MY KNEE FUCKS UP AGAIN 
sports		Hope everyone "protesting" at nufc today gets what they want out of it (a spot on Sky Sports News) 
sports		NATAPOS DIN ANG PRACTICE FOR THE FAMILY DAY'S SPORTS MIMETICS!!!!!!!! 
sports		The sports team are looking for sponsorship for the sunday show again, contact me, and pl rt Football Boxing BestMusic 
sports		Kallis slips down to No.2 in ICC all-rounder rankings 
sports		I miss ESPN too,Sports Center,though they were always kissing Lebron s Ass all day everyday 
sports		ELHC featured in the sports pages of Eastend Life newspaper last week - including action photo of Rose McCourt! 
sports		EA Sports, it's in the game. 
sports		Mitchell Johnson dismisses Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh off successive deliveries: Mitchell Johns... DanielTNAD 
sports		The Cos Bar, London, has updated sports events being shown on TV - 
sports		Golf-Ninyette leads as compatriot Rumford sizzles in Perth (Reuters): Oct 19 (Reuters) - Australian Brody Niny... 
sports		Chicago Bears coach Marc Trestman looking like good fit for Jay Cutler - NFL ChicagoBears 
sports		EasyAcc® CSR Bluetooth Speakers with Built-in microphone -Support USB Flash & SD Card Playing, Outdoor Sports… 
sports		Anyone got sky sports and wanna lend me their sky go?? 👼 
sports		Send 40404 
sports		"Whitey Herzog Youth Foundation, Inc " Grants for--> "Athletics/sports, baseball " 
sports		Need a deep muscle sports massage. God I am aching 😩 
sports		Sudais_azam 
sports		Ind In 1st inng: 
sports		Freshly ground Ethiopian Coffee (via a friend in Addis) 
sports		South Africa on baby watch ahead of Pakistan test in Dubai 
sports		3:00 KO, and no not on Sky Sports. 
sports		AFC Oakley Sports & MDH U21 6-5 Eastcotts AFC U21 (Harvey Puddifoot 3,Naron Cheema) 
sports		IND VS AUS 
sports		Illawarra cricket r2: Balgownie smash Wests, also Dapto bt Uni outright, Port beat Norths, Keira bt the Burgh and Wollongong bt Corrimal. 
sports		Ponting says 'amateurish' Oz cricket 'far behind' country"s other sports despite Argus review 
sports		Memuna McShane: From civil war in SierraLeone to soccer fields of Washington via 
sports		A_SAFIQ 
sports		Shane Watson sends back Rohit Sharma cricket 
sports		Training today at Sports City outside The Etihad! 
sports		College Football: We have Duke beating Virginia 31-20 today. Here's why. 
sports		Cave Divers Attempt to Explore Dangerous Blue Hole (PHOTOS) 
sports		lolzzzz im online shopping trying to find sports bras 
sports		IND 117/4 
sports		Female netball sessions at Clowne Sports Centre every Monday from 6–6.45pm for 6-11 years & 7.30-8.30pm for 14+ years 
sports		Lemme just stick to ma role as the one hu mostly talks sports n music plus the occasional spat of brilliance.."!! 
sports		V Kohli 36* 
sports		Amir `praying` to earn ICC reprieve to play domestic cricket - Zee News 
sports		Dam sports center top ten like the cherry on top after a dope day 
sports		INDIA VS AUS 
sports		When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractiven Pang now, Hell be on the call on NBC Sports, NHL 
sports		Toss AUS 
sports		Send cv to 
sports		2nd kidnapping suspect pleads not guilty - Atlanta Journal Constitution (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		Newcastle United vs Liverpool FC, Kick Off 19.45 Live on beIN Sports 3. YNWA 
sports		don't have BT sports so can't watch piss take 
sports		At Online Sports with over 140,000 products finding that unique Sports item has never been easier ... 
sports		3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India: Both the teams are unchanged for the match. Th... 
sports		Amazon USA : Reebok Men's Zig Pro Future Basketball Shoe by Reebok 
sports		Greivis Vasquez to make Kings debut against Clippers on Monday (Yahoo Sports) 
sports		Panthers wary as Old Dominion visits - By WILL GRAVESAP Sports Writer PITTSBURGH (AP) - Pittsburgh takes a break... 
sports		You bunch of clown, Roy! RT Indonesian Minister of Youth and Sports, Roy Suryo: "Congratulations to Thohir 
sports		MS Dhoni : 24/44 
sports		How can someone say they don't like Sports, It's part of life . 
sports		playing SPORTS 
sports		Ponting`s latest revelations suggest Clarke not `true captain` 
sports		ARY NEWS 
sports		5:17 & we just getting in... Couldn't make nothing shake so imma watch sports center til I tap 
sports		and in sports: Friday night leaders (jsonline): Share With Friends: | | Blogs - Sports Stories, News... sports 
sports		*SCORE* Don't miss out on this hot deal!! ONLY $24.29 ! Great gift idea! 
sports		Vols, Hokies set to make college football history Vols 
sports		Cardinals crush Dodgers to reach World Series via 
sports		This one always gets the tears going 
sports		【Sports & Outdoors - Up to 70%OFF $69.18 ★4.6(27)】 
sports		Angola: Olympic Official Calls for Adapted Sports in Clubs: [ANGOP]The technical director of the Angolan Olymp... 
sports		sky sports1 
sports		lol, actually I'm not hungry I was just fucking w/you & seeing where your heart was at. 
sports		was the only reason I spent my time watching sky sports news, she's perfect😍😍😍 
sports		Dunno whether its worth gettin the sports channel for later or jus the deal wiv da radio. 
sports		I hate the Sports & Learning Center! This place is ridiculous! 
sports		definitely come down and give it a go with us! We love welcoming people to the madness of CECA! 
sports		NEW OHSEN DUAL TIME DAY DATE ANALOG DIGITAL MENS SPORTS QUARTZ WRIST WATCH 0918: $9.72 (0 Bids) End Date:... 
sports		Grey Customize Sneakers Shoes Designs Popular Boy's Customize Casual Sports Shoes 
sports		I'm at Lounge Sports w/ 
sports		Great engagement in Sports Crew training in Mid Sussex 
sports		Doping: Pradeep Sangwan banned for 18 Months 
sports		What's the story with sky sports having literally no good premier league games on ever 
sports		Rookie status shouldn't affect Joseph Randle's ability to start for Cowboys, says 
sports		Hockey dads start up sports drink line 
sports		mind you… most think I am crazy because I don’t watch any sports soooo haha I am UBER crazy 
sports		Looking for sponsors for next years sports aid when me and the lorry time will swim a distance in gosport swimming pool 
sports		I love the fact that the Cardinals beat the media darling Dodgers, but it certainly didn't change my life. perspective 
sports		Grambling State game with Jackson State cancelled Sports 
sports		MS Dhoni : 4/8 
sports		Lunch time with QUBE Sports Bar) 
sports		Done my sky sports super 6 today for first time in ages. 4-0 to the arsenal and an upset at the bridge? Why not? predictions 
sports		My kids will defs know St Davids in primary school so that they can fuck shit up in sports 
sports		[Mercer Entertainmt] Hopewell keeps unbeaten record intact despite fight from Notre Dame 
sports		It was a Sports Stadium... 
sports		Late FF for my guests on today's FantasyBasketball Boot Camp. and Awesome duders! 
sports		NCAA now facing another concussion lawsuit - 
sports		I backed Kings Palace at 2.38 in Chelt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		Check out "Premier League Preview: Newcastle United - Liverpool Preview" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		Find out why Cleveland fans are turning off the dial & tuning in The Sports Fix. Sample us today for yourself -> 
sports		Mids-s Bure has big day lined up - Vancouver Sun 
sports		I live in a bungalow so it doesn't apply to me 
sports		Ressies AWAY to … 
sports		first row sports x 
sports		hai is it 2:45pm at the Arbroath sports centre?x 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Kohli counter attacks, India 60-2 in 10 overs 
sports		Finally after CL T20 shit, Espn Star Sports going to telecast matches. Sigh of relief. 
sports		I liked a video eSports: Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel Clip (HBO) 
sports		so true definitely he hardest thing to do 
sports		73% Off on Lotto Oreo Sports Shoes for Men. Price: Rs.3999 | Deal Price: Rs.1099 only 
sports		OVER 26 
sports		LV_Sports: Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it, - George Halas830 pm  St, Gerard School 12415 85 St, dD6Ms yeg 
sports		Miss your team's high school football game. No worries, weekly recap is here: 
sports		Goal Moyes: Januzaj’s future is with Manchester United sports amman 
sports		MS Dhoni : 24/43 
sports		Report: Less than 10% of NFL Pink Merchandise Sales Go Toward Cancer Research 
sports		Tired of losing in Sports Bets? Join me and make some money! 
sports		I backed Bygones Sovereign at 3 in Chelt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		so what sir? We broke it before the medias and even Sky Sports. MUFC 
sports		Former US Open champ Simpson grabs Las Vegas lead sports 
sports		sport What the back pages say: Moyes compares Januzaj to a young Rooney - Daily Mail: Daily MailWhat the back... 
sports		sports news Cardinals rough up Kershaw, headed to World Series (Yahoo Sports) 
sports		We're Hiring! Sportsdevelopment Sportsjobs 
sports		Sports Ministry Fraud a Symptom of Venezuela&#039;s Race for Dollars -... 
sports		Plz team sum manners and cricket ethics to ur former captain Ricky.He shud learn 4m u hw 2 respect a opponent player. 
sports		Ind vs Aus 
sports		I liked a video from 2K SPORTS FANBOY REACTION TO NBA 2K14 NEXT-GEN OMG TRAILER 
sports		3rd ODI India vs Australia 'live' cricket score: Dhoni gets going, India 83-4 ... - Emirates 24/7 dhoni msd ... 
sports		Wheres the nearest pub with BT sports ? 
sports		Follow 
sports		Dallas Cowboys News & Notes: Prepping For The Eagles 
sports		Fit Bit Flex $9.99 sports monitor 
sports		betfair4asia: Premier League Tips: Black Cats to prey on overrated Swans - Before the Premier League... 
sports		IndvAus: Mitchell Johnson is clocking 148.5 kmph, fastest ball today. India 62/2 (10.5 overs) 
sports		Watch LeBron James Work Out and Drink Powerade for an Hour 
sports		Cardinals Rough up Kershaw, Headed to World Series: Cardinals rough up Kershaw and Dodgers in 9-0 rout, World... 
sports		Got enough paws to make an upvote on my helmet! 
sports		Robinson outguns Connally, 58-55 
sports		>UR MsG SHOWING TYPE IN MSG 
sports		123/4 (24.5 overs) 
sports		I've worked in sports direct for a year. feels like forever. 
sports		Kaepernick motivated by Twitter criticism - Read It Here! SPORTS 
sports		First she tells me I'm not doing enough sports and now I'm really getting involved she's telling me I'm not reading -_____- 
sports		A Killer Cardio and Strength-Training Routine From a Sports Club/LA Trainer. 
sports		Sky Sports seem to think Branca's position is under threat, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE be true. 
sports		talks to CNN about his return to the top 10 and his Olympic gold medal win with 
sports		Thought NUFC vs LFC was on Sky Sports and its not. Still I'd rather listen to it on the radio than hear Michael Owen droning on BT Sport. 
sports		Check this World Test Championship can be `shot in arm` to revive red-ball cricket:... SuryaRay India 
sports		Mitchell Johnson, 76/4 IndvAus cricket 
sports		Hulk (Zenit St Petersburg) scores curling golazo v CSKA Moscow – with his RIGHT foot! 
sports		Its an offence to enter/attempt to enter a sports ground in possession of a flare/ smoke bomb ,they are dangerous and it will get u arrested 
sports		Sports must become an indispensable and inseparable part of our social life. Competitiveness is just a by-product namo NaMoInKanpur 
sports		McShane tells her story - histoire incroyable 
sports		gcrd goldcoast rollerderby… 
sports		Allow the Taiwanese Animators to Break Down the Florida State-Clemson Game -- 
sports		The shield from Doosan is stronger than the spear from LG. 
sports		just shows one of the many differences between the two sports 
sports		Live Updates 
sports		Player Profiles & Much More 
sports		Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka" Im worthy to have the FNL shirt :D FNLgivesaShirt 
sports		Ponting says 'amateurish' Oz cricket 'far behind' country"s other sports despite Argus review: Former Australian... 
sports		canada NHL: Jets rally past Blues, lose Trouba to injury: Vancouver Sun - Sports... Toronto 
sports		How I imagine the St. Louis Cardinals right now. 
sports		*holds boobs while running*" Lmfao I do that when not wearing a sports bra lol 
sports		I backed Checkpoint at 2.82 in Catt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		SK Raina 17 OUT 
sports		>> << 
sports		meet at haxby at 1 bro. Think they play at dunnington sports club 
sports		BOOYA!! Kansas City Chiefs claim world record for loudest sports fans via 
sports		IPO to give investors a stake in NFL running back: SAN FRANCISCO — Herersquos a new twist on fantasy sports a San... 
sports		Golf Golfer Desk Word Plaque Decor Metal Sign NICE $14.99 sports sportinggoods 
sports		WAY TO GO MIKE ! GOD BLESS ! BE CAREFUL ! 
sports		Sachin Tendulkar Test: Sixty-hour drama. 
sports		Reading Sports first, now on news 
sports		Timmmmmy 
sports		Titus Maccius Plautus~ Not every age is fit for childish sports. 
sports		Neuderžimân, 27 - Moscow Looking for Friendship, communication Cars; Sports; Business; Science; Pol - 
sports		on your travels why not try 'cafe topbun' Tipton sports and social open till 1.30 today also Sunday 
sports		Plan ahead when taking kids to siblings' sports practice or music lesson. Pack snacks, water and items to occupy kids while waiting. 
sports		S_AFRIDI 
sports		Know a little bit of everything, I have a sports mania! 
sports		Not that I do anything but damn. Sleep is my third greatest love. Next to food and sports. 
sports		[MercerCo Sports] Hopewell keeps unbeaten record intact despite fight from Notre Dame 
sports		Hahaha! Clarke trolls back Ponting. Does not mention him while comparing SRT with other greats. 
sports		Check this Boycott backs Pak spinners to lead side to victory over Proteas in UAE series SuryaRay India 
sports		HOST:MOSES... 
sports		For unbeatable prices on maps & topographic, See deals now! 
sports		I'm at Bangi Sports Complex 
sports		Texas high school football scores, Week 7: Oct. 17-18, 2013 
sports		Patchin, Osso and with Friday Night Sports Extra Part 2 GSLFootball wafbscores IDpreps 
sports		Asprilla - From Football To Porn? 
sports		Sangwan banned for 18 months by BCCI Anti-Doping tribunal 
sports		IMRAN SAHAR 
sports		mint sports 
sports		Varsity Football: Rapacon, Dotson carry past Vanden 44-36 via 
sports		The Ethiopians are "making empty boasts” – NFF vice president SPORTS TrendsNG 
sports		High school football player blocks two punts on the same play. 
sports		that is including-ssu~ try to look good at fans at many realms like sports, fashion, art and many more (＇v＇) 
sports		watch sports,go out with friends,read mags 
sports		IND 82/4 
sports		Sports direct have got some nice deals cheapboots 
sports		MS Dhoni_9* 
sports		All Blacks defeat Wallabies in thriller 
sports		Columbia College volleyball falls to No. 1 Concordia: Facing its third straight ranked opponent, the Columbia... 
sports		Mizuno Golf Putter Cover White x Navy JAPAN $69.99 sportinggoods sports 
sports		Kalau tak fit , then what ? FAT ? Ha ha . Yoga sounds great . Huda do any sports ?  
sports		It seems m watching pirated version of ind vs aus game on star sports. Sounds and visuals don't match. 
sports		Italian Serie A-AC Milan vs Udinese at 23:40 Star Sports 
sports		3) Adverts. 
sports		NEW! Pulse Heart Rate Monitor Calories Counter Fitness Watch blue 13 $0.99 sports health 
sports		Midway keeps district slate spotless, 58-20 
sports		IND 77-4 (14,ov) 
sports		Halifax Town v Welling United Preview | Kent Sports News 
sports		Gotta love Our late conversations about sports! Haha 
sports		Meyersdale bumps off Berlin in OT 
sports		Waiting for the Sports talk at and then the sports facilities tour, really like it so far!  
sports		Your next opportunity to give blood at Broadmeadow Sports Centre Teignmouth is Monday 21st October - you can book... 
sports		Follow Snd 40404 
sports		Aaaaand everybody's tweeting about sports. Time for bed. dontevenknowwhatsportseasonitis 
sports		All aboard the pedlar train! Game day is finally here! We welcome Hullbridge Sports in the FA Vase, come on down to help support the lads! 
sports		We are paying 1/4 odds a place all races at Ascot Horse racing markets >> 
sports		Live sc0re 
sports		Lol. Ikr RT Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in miniskirts and ... 
sports		For fantastic camping gear deals on best sleeping bags warm weather, Save now. 
sports		Manuel Pellegrini wants more from City away days. MCFC 
sports		10 NEW TRION Z LITE DUAL LOOP WRISTBAND BLACK/YELLOW $99.99 sportinggoods sports 
sports		When we go to New York the most important thing is to not pull any "Boston sports teams are better" shit. They'll kill you. 
sports		I'm at Swedish Sports Club w/ 
sports		Sports: SBS scoops two UN media awards 
sports		Virat Kohli : 29/26 
sports		PLEASE STOP CALLING 3G /4G pitches "PLASTIC" - this is the future for sports, in particular youth, Back it, don't degrade it! 
sports		PTV NEWS 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Arm... chicharito 
sports		University of Toronto goalies get taste of the NHL as emergency backups for Maple Leafs: TORONTO — Who sa... NHL 
sports		Shield Game Accessory for Sony PS3 PlayStation 3 Move Console Sports Games New: $3.51 (0 Bids) End Date: Saturday... 
sports		Late push leads Grizzlies past Bucks 102-99 
sports		Nicol David retains US Open squash title 
sports		Proposal for new Community Sports Complex in Thornton 
sports		Swag! RT Just saw that my dads collection of "sports magazines" is mostly comprised of Playboy dating back to the 90s... 
sports		Hahaha, baddest guyRT Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in ... 
sports		Cardinals reach World Series, face winner of Sox/Tigers series 
sports		are delighted to be the chosen as a partner for the redevelopment of Norwood Hall Sports Ground. Ealing Community NewHome 
sports		Were not going out today but i want to go to sports direct 
sports		Newcastle v Liverpool live on BT sports from 12.30 & Cardiff Blues v Toulon from 1. worthgettingupfor 
sports		BISS: DC AA BA BE 99 
sports		I backed Bygones Sovereign at 3.2 in Chelt 19th Oct BetfairMobile 
sports		Tech at WVU, one step closer to 7-0 
sports		Woodland Wolves football team outdistanced by TCC power Inderkum - Daily Democrat Online via 
sports		IND 98/4 
sports		Dobeno... Hiking 12.6 km in 02:01:04 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Nobody at EA Sports remembered the FIFA 2001 Scratch 'n Sniff disc. I'm not going crazy am I? 
sports		Mine's called Mentality. Normally they have the sports channel on! 
sports		For camping made easy you need quality hammocks , Great ranges, 
sports		Staring contest in the NLCS. I hope this becomes a tradition 
sports		Over 12.5 
sports		OVER 20 
sports		Leaders Arsenal play host to Norwich Maviews. 
sports		The best part of fox sports or even SBS is seeing the pro Sydney FC panel shell shocked and surly when Sydney FC are losing. 
sports		Y SINGH 0 OUT WKT C HADIN M JHONSON 
sports		visit 22nd Oct.I spent hrs on phone,did same checks 3 X with 3 diff helpline people.VERY UNHAPPY,wks waisted+sports events missed!! 
sports		Hang out today with the sports deadliest gang femiandthegang at Kings college annex,Victoria island beside law school,it promises 2 be fun 
sports		THE MATCH IS ON SKY SPORTS 1 TODAY! Kick-off 5:50 
sports		That sports massage was absolutely beautiful 
sports		Ponting says 'amateurish' Oz cricket 'far behind' country's other sports despite Argus review... 
sports		Golf, sports fishing, skiing, wow! I could win the prize of a lifetime from Dunham's, and you can too. Check it out. 
sports		October half term sports camp for 4-11yr olds at woodside sports club N12..10am-3pm each day.great fun for the kids.#camp#sports4stars 
sports		McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf sports 
sports		Check out the latest sports news channel E.C.E. Sports News 
sports		Louis Saha (Ex Everton and Man Utd striker) to play in the IMG Reliance IPL style Football League 
sports		this has 'relocated to the 2's' written all over it 
sports		Garnett fires back at LeBron, says to mind his own business (NBC Sports) 
sports		YamgoTV All Blacks edge feisty Aus - The All Blacks have beaten the Wallabies in their thrilling third and final ... 
sports		MyBoxingFans 
sports		Ditto. Sports hall. Running, screaming 5yo kids and coaches with loud whistles.  
sports		Running 3.3 mi in 00:28:08, 156 bpm tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Norwich will fancy their chances at Arsenal despite return of Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla: By Gary Go... sports 
sports		Really Good One plz Read...... 
sports		He's going to look out his window and think look at you all in replica shirts you bought from sports direct and now your coming in the..... 
sports		Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: CNET Dell’s 8-inch Venue 8 Pro sports a quad-core... 
sports		UNLV Gameday: Rebels hit the road as big underdogs at Fresno State UNLV Sports 
sports		Sky Sports: Januzaj secures United deal mufc” 
sports		Walking 5.2 km in 00:53:40 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Need Screenprinting for Next Big Event or Sports Team? 
sports		Gordon back on the cusp - Richmond Times Dispatch 
sports		Surname A-L 12-2PM 
sports		not bad... I use endomondo sports tracker app on my mobile. Works perfect! 
sports		cricket 3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India: Australia captain George Bailey won the... 
sports		Sports massage booked 
sports		OVER 21.3 
sports		Yo! This is no pap en vleis. Not... Running 43.3 km in 05:01:48 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Trying to get sorted for tonight but it's abit difficult when matts getting a sports massage in the sitting room 
sports		SCAC8in8 - Day 7 - Centenary College: via 
sports		Amazon UK: Sir Geoff Hurst & Martin Peters signed England photo - 1966 Lap of Ho... by A1 Sporting Memorabilia 
sports		Lucky I know just the person to give me a sports massage, she thinks I might be uneven 
sports		West ham vs Man 
sports		Monkeygate: Ricky Ponting slams Cricket Australia for letting him down Cricket 
sports		Don't ignore tempting savings on hammocks , View best prices, 
sports		V kohli:30* 
sports		Asia sports 
sports		There was a lot of hype surrounding the return of Abdul Razzaq and Shoaib Malik to the ODI squad but neither are included PakvSA Cricket 
sports		what sports do u play? :p — I like to play batminton 
sports		FOX Sports - - More success for model organization 
sports		Sports Latest: The Lark misses Champions Day - The Lark will miss today's Champions Day meeting at Ascot as she ha... 
sports		Football: 'Ghost goal' helps Bayer Leverkusen spirit away top spot in Germany. Watch the video here: 
sports		Live Indy Car Championship Decider BT Sports 2 1am.Sunday IndyCar 
sports		10 days before the season starts and Kevin Garnett and LeBron James are already beefing: 
sports		FA Vase First Round: Ashford v Greenwich; Beckenham v Westfield; Eastbourne Utd v Phoenix Sports; East Grinstead v Sevenoaks Town... 
sports		2 balls and 2 wickets India lost. Precise reason why I stopped watching wayward sports, cricket. Now Dhoni sahara or doomed. IndvsAus 
sports		If its raining pop into Legends Sports Bar & Grill and get your first drink at half price. Show this wall post to... 
sports		Pattinson welcomes Craig McDermott`s return 
sports		Y'knw you'd have to position the best angle of your face when a cute driver who's driving a bumble bee sports car is beside your cab, ryt? 
sports		Live cricket score - India vs Australia, 3rd ODI: Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh ... - NDTV 
sports		Shane Watson sends back Rohit Sharma: India lost their second wicket when Shane Watson dismissed opener Rohit ... 
sports		Nnicol retains US Open title: KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 19 — Malaysia’s squash queen Datuk Nicol Ann David retained her... 
sports		Virat Kohli : 32/32 
sports		wearing a cute shirt with a sports bra shoot me 
sports		Welcome to match day, KO is 3.40pm with live coverage on Sky Sports 2. Gates at the RDS open at 2.10pm COYBIB 
sports		McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf 
sports		Mike Napoli key to Red Sox' surge 
sports		Check out "Torres return boosts Chelsea" at PremierLeague Football 
sports		check this out Dodgers 'shell shocked' in Game 6 of NLCS - USA TODAY: The GuardianDodgers 'she... sports online 
sports		fancy a knock, up redbridge sports centre one day? tennis 
sports		(Guardian) Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web 
sports		McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open: SEOUL, Oct 19 — Former world number one Rory McIlroy... 
sports		History 
sports		Check this Pattinson welcomes Craig McDermott`s return: Australian fast bowler James... SuryaRay India 
sports		Innova CHAMPION ROC 3 *dyed* 180 grams disc golf mid range Roc3 Hyzer Farm Dye $14.95 sports Golfing 
sports		if I get a Hatrick now & take a drop goal conversion on my third. You can explain to & 
sports		Bum Phillips was a "square-jawed, buzz-cut outsized character with a host of one-liners." - 
sports		Hanley Ramirez, Andre Ethier back in Dodgers' lineup for NLCS Game 4 - Los Angeles Times ICYMI sports news 
sports		I mean today yah today... 
sports		GoodDeed4dayDone Dad &me saved a young Goose from main rd & released back on the sports fields vlei.  
sports		I love football!!!..so wat if I'm a girl???-excuse me people, its a sports n der is no gender specification to b in ♥ wit it! 
sports		Teams batting first at at Mohali, have won 14 and lost 7 ODIs. So Australia made a mistake by opting to bowl 1st here. 
sports		3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India via 
sports		YOU can meet Mark Anthony & Ben Pakulski & win Allmax Products TODAY NXT Sports Nutrition! For details ---> 
sports		it's not special attention. the kid cant play contact sports. he's not all there in the head. 
sports		No wonder bowling is a great pastime in SIngapore: 
sports		Ind 76/4 over13 
sports		zumbathon today at All Saints College Sports Centre! Get in the groove at 1pm & help us raise vital funds! northeasthour 
sports		Today: Live European Cup Rugby Union on Sky Sports 2 HD at 17:45 - sportontv 
sports		Great team: & btsport 
sports		On my Cakeday I went bodysurfing. 
sports		Four downs with Ditka: Chicago Bears linebacker D.J. Williams (58) and safety Major Wright (21) tackle New Yor... 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - MLB Starter Jackets at Don't forget to visit our site! 
sports		I did not establish foundation because of Olympic disappointment – Chukwumerije SPORTS TrendsNG 
sports		Virat Kohli : 48/52 
sports		Deadspin The Official "It Gets Better" Letter Of The Tortured Sports Fan | Gawker... iOS6 iPhone5 iPad 
sports		Mesut Ozil's brother Mustufa link to move la liga in this january. 
sports		Jeremy is giving the amazing team GB weightlifter a latte art training live on the sports panel today. 
sports		Sports is something that brings people together. 👌 
sports		The Sports Management Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		++ 
sports		I'm looking at "Sports Show Radio" 
sports		ISBPL: NEWS Pradeep Sangwan slapped with 18-month ban for doping offence: The BCCI has banned Delhi and Kolka... 
sports		Im such a sports freak. Was watching the soccer last night and now im watching netball. Dont judge me thnx 
sports		Sales Associate - Sports Department: Location: Calgary, Alberta 
sports		All the more strange is Dorna ran the WSBK round there earlier in the year with the same results. Are they that dumb? 
sports		U R the only reason I appreciate Golf! Chamblee burns me out! Greatness does not need to cheat to WIN.. 
sports		3rd ODI: Australia win toss again, elect to bowl against India Cricket 
sports		+, 
sports		Ind vs Aus at Mohali, Live Score Updates: Dhawan gone, Virat strides out 
sports		Y singh 0 is out, c brad haddin b johnson 76/4. 
sports		When strength and weight training for sports or recreational activities, always strength-train through a full range of motion. 
sports		it's a dharkan. Nice kick to start the morning with. Where you playing today? 
sports		6.15 i think is when the coverage is on Star Sports for Pune 
sports		ATL Sports Bar is out! 
sports		Two very interesting things I learned at the London Sports Writing Festival yesterday. 
sports		possitive its on bt sports HH 
sports		Dodgers 'shell shocked' in Game 6 of NLCS via 
sports		PCB announced Pakistan 
sports		We'll be at Parkgate Retail Park near Sports Direct today and tomorrow. Find out about our £14.99 per month offer! 
sports		Evacuation centres open at Springwood Sports Club & Lithgow Workers Club BlueMountains NSWfires 
sports		Good to see one of the supporters club members speaking on sky sports news 
sports		I read that as Texas and Flo-rida love their sports PleaseHelp Random 
sports		send 40404 
sports		Hi there. Do you have a link for information or advice for people who do sports? Suffering atm and not sure what I can do. 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Arms... football 
sports		Jh0t Ho To usEI 
sports		Here's the Duchess of Cambridge playing volleyball! 
sports		Ball Don't Lie's 2013-14 Season Previews: Boston Celtics - Yahoo Canada Sports (blog) 
sports		CNN should replace NewDay with a blank screen, I'll watch thatâ€¦10th most powerful man in college sports leefitting 
sports		In summary, changes from the ODI squad v Zim are Wahab, S Tanvir & S Maqsood have come in for Asad Ali, Anwar Ali & Haris Sohail PakvSA 
sports		Sky Sports Classics... OOOOHHHH WHAT A BEAUTYYYYY 
sports		Play in Progress 
sports		Old Skool Punk/Pop Punk songs needed for Sports Video Game Apps: Skateboarding - Snowboarding - Drag Racing. 
sports		4069 H 9875 
sports		Goodmorning palz,its bright saturday and full of activities,weddings,birthday,sports,drinkn lyk drunkers $ lookng like luke 
sports		Beautiful new kit from -- really annoying that I can't wear it yet. injured 
sports		Empty Netter Assists - 10-19-13 - Emptynetters 
sports		Ranking top-15 MLB fantasy sleepers to get you on top! 
sports		Excitement high ahead of Bledisloe Cup clash: Excitement is high in Dunedin ahead of the city's first Bledisloe... 
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armstong, arm-... 
sports		Sports Update:#CAFCUP: TP Mazembe may be without three key Zambians against Stade Malien in their Confederation Cup semi-final second leg... 
sports		HARRY STYLES 
sports		topoli NHL: Jets rally past Blues, lose Trouba to injury: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... yeg 
sports		Picture Connect: 6 OF THE HOTTEST CELEB SPORTS CARS 
sports		Barton shopkeeper held up at gunpoint by robber - This is Gloucestershire (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		We've had lots of rugby teams suggesting sports fans should come watch them this weekend, but are there any other sports out there? 
sports		I'm at Atlantis Sports Center w/ 
sports		Outdoor Sport Camping Hiking Trekking Bag Military Tactical Shoulder Khaki A8 $0.79 sports backpacks 
sports		Like the guys/girls in sports & shit like hello I use to do all that too 
sports		sky sports news now mate breaking news in yellow massive signing 
sports		Good night out boys! See you lot Monday. Sky Sports are setting up the cameras tomoz MNF 
sports		Preseason prognosis: San Antonio Spurs at Miami Heat - Sun 
sports		Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence. 
sports		FA commission 'lacks diversity': Football Association board member Heather Rabbatts criticises c... sports news 
sports		All our sports floors are highly functional and manufactured for top performance. And they’re easy to maintain! 
sports		hahahahah my sports teacher just rang me and asked why i wasn't at school playing hockey 
sports		Which NBA teams deserve your attention? Bill Simmons and Zach Lowe rate each one in their 
sports		Check out "Bill Russell arrested for carrying gun at airport" at NBA 
sports		We believe in the Nigerian Dream where sports jiants will rise and dominate every sport in the world. 
sports		FREE APP for horse racing betting sports covering all the TOP BOOKIES 
sports		$1.01 go into the sheds at HT leading $151 3-0. Draw $19. Is it all over now? TattsBetLive call 131939 
sports		Vollyball Pasay Sports Complex) 
sports		20" Reebok Relay Duffle Bag Yellow Brand New $8.99 sports gym 
sports		does tony have BT Sports down at the club? 
sports		Eagles teammates say they respect Vick, Foles’ friendly dealings 
sports		The Sports Watcher is out! 
sports		doing sports during periods are like so ewww and tiring???? 
sports		Camping? Why pay more? Save now on camping saws , Click now! 
sports		Saturday's matchup: USC at Notre Dame 
sports		good stuff, were at home to grasshoppers 
sports		Book up for half term holiday activities at Joseph Whitaker Sports College 
sports		anyone knows where to buy cheap sports bras plsplspls 
sports		How did Dorna not know, they ran the Superbike round earlier in the year when Sykes and Camier got injured?! 
sports		Sales & Marketing Representatives - Sports Minded - jobs RegalMarketingSolutionsInc Watertown 
sports		ADIDAS MENS FITNESS WORKOUT WICKING TRACK & FIELD RUNNING SUIT SPEEDSUIT 2XL XXL $29.90 sporting sports 
sports		Wallabies play exceptionally well, Twatson gets wicket 1st over, Johnson on a hat trick. The Oz Sports Commission should sponsor me to stay. 
sports		Arsene Wenger confirms Abou Diaby has suffered new injury setback: By Jamie Sanderson Abou Diaby will ... Sports 
sports		Artesia News - Australia’s Ninyette leads Perth International 
sports		Wife of M's OF faces federal charges - The wife of Seattle Mariners outfielder Carlos Peguero is... 
sports		Miami Heat 2013 NBA Finals Champions Starter Rug for just $25.00 (a 28% savings!) at NBA sports basketball 
sports		Article - The Official Website of the Adelaide 36ers 
sports		oh well if they have then at least i have bt sport and sky sports and espn so hopefully they'll be on one of them!! 
sports		Ready !... 
sports		Start 'em, Sit 'em, Smash 'em (National Football Post) 
sports		They stole Wii Sports? 
sports		Not ,not NOT getting into circulr nonsensical sports debates with professional spectators this season....I'm not gonna do itttttt*singing* 
sports		Wellcome 3rd match: 
sports		(DO)n't qu(IT). 
sports		It's on at Monton Sports Club. 
sports		HUGE day of sports lined up. Dons home to the pikeys then down to the ice rink to watch the mighty Aberdeen Lynx 
sports		Start your football Saturday by checking out this great piece on in the PLFB FCS 
sports		Guest Dj :Kuma the Sureshot - Japanese Sampling Sports Set!!! 
sports		Clearly don't yet understand what a coup getting Andris was! Sports scores at concerts what's the relevance? 
sports		Weve got a special vibe ..I am loving all the PB's girls are achieving in their respective sports!Priviedged to be able to help 
sports		PSG Handball, a world class squad 
sports		New on Giveaway Contests: MAN Sports Pure PF3 Weekend Giveaway! 
sports		Former Houston Oiler coach Bum Phillips dies - 
sports		Sky Sports > Flamini: Return is so special: Experienced Arsenal midfielder Mathieu Flamini is overjoyed to be ... 
sports		Kohli 30* 
sports		UCF rallies to upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 (The Associated Press): LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) -- Eighth-ranked Lou... 
sports		Standoff 'delays' start of NLCS - ICYMI sports news 
sports		Nike Golf Jacket Convertible Clima-Fit Windtop Size M NWT $39.99 sportinggoods sports 
sports		International News K Liye. 
sports		Volcano News Prep soccer: Volcano Vista takes lead in District 1-5A - ABQ Journal 
sports		Youth sports spurs Bucks tourism: DOYLESTOWN Youth sports tournaments have become the fastest-growing sector o... 
sports		Spearmint Rhino Gentlemen's Clubs..... The SEXIEST place to watch live SPORTS! 
sports		Sports Direct in town is the absolute pits. 
sports		S_AJMAL 
sports		Finally some snooker on the tele! World Seniors Championship starts 1pm on Sky Sports 4. Preview: snooker seniors 
sports		3rd ODI. 
sports		Senderos san cristobal Ezkaba... Hiking 14.9 km in 02:31:27 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Think this might be the first time CaniX has been featured in the sports pages as a sport - rather than the... 
sports		OVER 12.5 
sports		yeah buddy. Which one ? Ive just had Linezio but I love the new Dharkan one too 
sports		he said Brisbane and Adelaide were going to run out of water too ... 
sports		100% True 
sports		West Ham are on Sky Sports 1 at 5.00, make sure you locked in ladz 
sports		IND 76-4 
sports		SPORTS:Its a Kenyan weekend on DSTV! Catch our very own Southampton s Victor Wanyama take on Man U on Sat at... 
sports		Sports McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf: Seoul (AFP) - Former world number one ... 
sports		Got BT sports LoveIt 
sports		Crazy. The commentators were initially fooled. The scorer seems to have reservations and guilt 
sports		Adidas sports tribute nba nfl soccer nhl Abidjan Astonishing Outstanding Clothes Stripes Cotedivoire 
sports		Kelly Olynyk Has an Ideal Situation in Boston Celtics - Rant Sports Celtics 
sports		life would be so much easier if you could just play sports all year round. 
sports		Hopewell keeps unbeaten record intact despite fight from Notre Dame 
sports		Attica Gambling shortly changing to bestbetforyou with great competitions, sports and gaming content . Look out for exciting news. 
sports		Swimming is an important skills for many other sports such as: triathlon, surfing, wake boarding, water skiing,... 
sports		playing bedfont sports at home today, playing Westfield in a couple of weeks cous 
sports		Welsh Sporting Events: 
sports		canada Golf: Sizzling Simpson grabs four-shot lead in Vegas: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... UK 
sports		Ind 83/4 
sports		The Top "All-Rounder" Sports Rankings?include waterpolo, golf, tennis, mtn biking, biathlon etc for a true all rounder! 
sports		Good Morning, it's Perfect sports-weather, so let's gets ready for Jogging. 3,2,1...go! jogging sports fitness speed running lake 
sports		Advertising Applications Sports 
sports		I don't have premier sports though  
sports		Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web: Featuring Lance Armst... guardian 
sports		Shop Amazon - Get New Arrivals in Sports 
sports		Didnt expect to love scouts this much  jk i did. My kids are definitely going to be in scouts along with sports and asb. 
sports		UCF Rallies to Upset No. 8 Louisville, 38-35 
sports		IND 76-3 
sports		sports twitter McIlroy falls off pace after mediocre round at Korea Open golf: Seoul (AFP) - Former world nu... 
sports		Sports shorts: Chiefs see another fresh face; Jayhawks crack top 10 in preseason poll - KANSAS CITY, Mo.... 
sports		Manning's 'Tale of Two Cities' a win-win for both (The Associated Press) 
sports		Kershaw beaten again by Cards as Dodgers ousted 
sports		helps! Is there anywhere to buy underwear in Leith? Have managed to leave sports bra etc at home... 
sports		Get the best MitreSportsInternationalshoes Fast Delivery! Buy now! Mitre Sports International shoes 
sports		Bet365 get the very best deals on Poker Casino Sports F1 Cards Slots Bingo 
sports		Waiter, Waiter there's a fly in my ice-cream! Gee I did not know that they had started winter sports so early in the year! 
sports		New Delhi: Prerna defends national tennis title via 
sports		Sports Executives Association 
sports		we have Wii but it's only Mario Cart and sports. We have PlayStation2 but dad won't buy cool DCs cause it's "expensive" -.- 
sports		Chicago Bulls Joakim Noah 'shut down for a while,' says Thibodeaux - 
sports		Lillard leads Blazers over Clippers, 94-84 (NWCN) 
sports		Cardinals Celebrate World Series Berth With Champagne And Beer In Locker Room (PHOTOS/VIDEOS) 
sports		Keyano should get a rugby team . absolutely greatsport entertainment sports comeon 
sports		leadership 
sports		IND_76/4 
sports		Financial woes&infighting threaten Grambling football program via /Brazilian university sports not even close 
sports		Thankfully I don't have that anymore instead Sky Sports/WWE & PS3 with commentaries!!  
sports		oh boo sports team 
sports		J&K to host postal cricket tourney: Jammu and Kashmir will host the first ever All India Postal Cricket Tourna... 
sports		Lutheran vs. Stillman Web Extra sports 
sports		Bum Phillips, Colorful Football Coach, Dies at 90 - New York Times 
sports		fitness park sports club 
sports		Suresh Raina : 6/12 
sports		story of his gold medal! - 
sports		Last night was tiring worked on roof till close then sports bar till close and then lounge till close!!! 
sports		FULL LIST OF APPLICANTS *1 of 3* 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - NBA Starter Jackets at Don't forget to visit our site! 
sports		Home based Super Eagles open camp Oct. 17 - 
sports		Can you please end the exclusive NFL license with EA Sports? EA Sports is holding NFL video games back from greatness. 
sports		Badge of Honor: Sports Zone Elite optimization 
sports		Tyres may force MotoGP race cut - Fox Sports 
sports		will play for the national team!!! wow so proud of you ” YAY awww 
sports		Great shoe offers, affordable prices on Boy's sports shoes, Tell a friend. 
sports		2) A woman over-singing. 
sports		IND 105/4 
sports		ODI squad for South Africa 
sports		Futsal: AFF (Miracle of Life) Futsal Championship 2013 - Full game schedules: TeamASEAN 
sports		Armed robber sought by Kingman police - Kingman Daily Miner (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		First Lady Margaret Kenyatta has called county Governments to participate fully in nurturing young talent in sports. 
sports		I don't even like sports tf. Why would I wanna talk about it. 
sports		Again we are using bet365 and blackpools +0.5 is Asian Handicap. accawhacka 
sports		South Africa on baby watch ahead of Pakistan test in Dubai UAE 
sports		of your kids can swim of love water sports it's brilliant as most seemed to mess about in canoes or were snorkelling 
sports		Under Armour Women's Military Cap One Size Fits Most 1226449 439 Turquoise $17.99 goods sports 
sports		Riana 14 øout 
sports		would the Hawks be insane to simply swap pick 19 for 24 as some form of sweetner for an already lodged deal for McEvoy? 
sports		M_HAFEEZ 
sports		Study shows when men sweat together - pheromones boost cooperation. ? basis for team sports? 
sports		9.30 meet at Sports Centre tomorrow morning. CountyCup 
sports		Suspected Car Thief Accused Of Shooting Sheriff's Department K-9 Dies From ... - CBS Local (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		New post: The Sports Authority - 's Seamless Reversible Tank Top, Now $19.97 at Don't forget 
sports		Gross, just got an ad for Geordie Shore on this Sky Sports stream, Didt the weather because their specialty is meteors, 
sports		I'm at Bilfen Sports Plaza w/ 
sports		canada NFL: Former NFL coach Bum Phillips dead at 90: Vancouver Sun - Sports ... UK 
sports		MLB: Cardinals crush Dodgers to reach World Series 
sports		Sports_Facts_US she will never say that she is the father, it'sre fun! mO7Y8 Blonde ales, that is! Check it out! ^MR 
sports		Sth Coast Cricket Rd 2: Kookas upset Lakers, Albion Park beat Gerringong/Jamberoo; Oak Flats by Kiama and Shellharbour bt The Rail. 
sports		For quality camping & hiking goods, 3-4 Person Tents Recommended, 
sports		Football for 3-11 year olds this afternoon in Tooting Wimbledon indoor sports facilities fun games football 
sports		Today: Live European Cup Rugby Union on Sky Sports 2 HD at 15:30 - sportontv 
sports		I live and die with the Devils. They are by far my favorite team in all of sports. Nobody is a close second. 
sports		Check this Cook finds England captaincy tiring: England captain Alastair Cook has... SuryaRay India 
sports		Live on bein sports 3 BPL:Newcastle Utd vs Liverpool.Go Liverpool fc Wins 
sports		Bill Russell arrested for carrying gun at airport - USA TODAY 
sports		Carnegie vs Westminster - 7:30pm Tonight 
sports		Suresh Raina : 17/19 
sports		Live Sports Scores, Stats, Fixtures, Sports News, SOCCER - BASKETBALL -TENNIS - US FOOTBALL - ICE HOCKEY - BASEBALL - Scoreboard Update 
sports		famous last words eh ... 
sports		WTF?! can someone pls tell me why some girls wear push up bras under sports bras? gurl, who are you trying to impress? 
sports		Treino de aquecimento... Cycling 24.7 km in 02:11:20 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Wilfried Bony will get Swansea back on track against Sunderland after tough start: By psumbler Bony ha... sports 
sports		Ind 76/3 in 12.5. Raina c Shane Watson b Mitchell Johnson 17(19), is very early on the pull, toe-edges it to 1st slip. cricket IndvAus 
sports		(Riaz Dars) 
sports		Football: Angry Vasco da Gama supporters invade dressing room after another loss 
sports		3rd ODI: India lose Dhawan in 2nd over: Clint McKay gave Australia an early breakthrough when he had opener Sh... 
sports		Part time sports coach required in bristol 
sports		Brainless moron!! Bill Russell detained for gun at Seattle airport - 
sports		Vtg USAFA Wilson Pete Rozelle Signed Air Force Academy NFL Leather Football $99.99 Vintage sports 
sports		Plz join geo super services only sports updates on mobile 
sports		Case Keenum, QB, Houston Texans: Week 7 fantasy football waiver wire profile - Penn Live Texans 
sports		3rd_ODI AUS vs IND IND 63-2 Over 11.0 V Kohli 29* SK Raina 6* AUSvIND Cricket 
sports		watching how its made, not to big on sports, would rather play them over watching them being played. 
sports		SPORTS:Its a Kenyan weekend! Catch our very own Southampton s Victor Wanyama take on Man U on Sat at 4.50pm SS5 &... 
sports		It's a problem Will Call Sports Bar & Grill w/ 
sports		Y shing 0 out Rhaina:17out 
sports		Archers hero LA Revilla the last to sign up among record 84 rookie hopefuls via 
sports		Id care if i cared about anything besides family, sports, and school. Everything else is a gift, education, love, and life. 
sports		>SIM PKGS 
sports		Mini Sports Hunting Camping Adjustable 15-55X 21mm Zoom Monocular Pocket Scope W: $15.13 (0 Bids) End Date:... 
sports		Old Skool Punk/Pop Punk songs needed for Sports Video Game Apps: Skateboarding - Snowboarding - Drag Racing.. 
sports		Area Sports Events Calendar Oct 20-26 
sports		Columnist says Halifax CIS hockey event can be the best yet 
sports		Sky Sports - Johnson remains unflustered lfc 
sports		Gabriela Sabatini deliberately lost tennis matches to avoid reporters! 
sports		Another gold medal  Monash Sports Carnival, Clubs and Society Division. Representing yellow house!… 
sports		Sky Sports News is repetitive, boring, shit 
sports		A bit of Sports Luxe from the 90s: 
sports		haha, i knew that. but after you can watch sports as much as you like 
sports		no but Cook Islands on Prem Sports tomorrow. 
sports		Why are Madrid playing so early today. The game won't be on Sky sports so I will have to hunt for a Stream ugh!!!!!!!! 
sports		VIDEO | Watch Florida vs. Missouri - College Football on live - sports illustrated - si com - | Watch: 
sports		Made it to work in like 6 minutes. I should never have a sports car. 
sports		For Christ sake! Is it possible not to have football as the top sports story every day. Do tell me when John Terry takes a shit won't you!! 
sports		Dota2 Starcraft2 LeagueOfLegends callofduty 
sports		nz v cook islands on premier sports tomorrow 2pm#haka 
sports		EA SPORTS FIFA I got another shit pack and my mate got neymar and I keep getting no one!,I want Better packs! TropicaL Vision! 
sports		Golf: Golf-European Tour Perth International scores: Oct 19 (Infostrada Sports) - Scores from the European To... 
sports		Good morning sports fans and welcome to soccer saturday! We have a host of top flight games plus all the Action from tge lower leagues! 
sports		you are AMAZING for following sports games especially when so far from home NZLvAUS 
sports		awaydays with Prestatyn Sports FC taking on Barmouth and Dyffryn FC!!! Bring it on!!!!! 
sports		Suspect arrested in cold case killing in Chestnuthill Township - Pocono Record (Latest) fashion sports 
sports		Fishing biting all over, wind or no - Carolinacoastonline 
sports		TailgateReport Wife of M's OF faces federal charges Sports Tailgate 
sports		The Guardian: Our favourite things this week: the best sports journalism from around the web mufc 
sports		HEARTS manager for this game been confirmed by SKY SPORTS, an awesome signing,undisclosed sum as 
sports		Back to sports massage! Only 3 evening slots available now this month Wed 29, Thu 30 & Fri 31. Early morns this week Tue Wed & Thu from 8am. 
sports		Sneezing while driving is my version of extreme sports. 
sports		S Raina OuT 
sports		Steven gerrards goal against olympyakos on sky sports arrrrggghhhhyoubeauty best andy gray commentry ever 
sports		NZ v Cook Islands is on Premier Sports tomorrow afternoon though! 
sports		Cardiff Blues v Toulon 
sports		Police Dispatch: "Suspect fleeing in a dark blue sports car." Me: "Dark blue? IT'S MIDNIGHT PURPLE, BITCH!" GTAV 
sports		A Day at Work With an Extreme Sports Photographer 
sports		💜✔ nike sports-bra loveit swoosh like followme followback all_shots sport fitness weheartit… 
sports		Wheeling wins MSL title 
sports		SenD 40404 
sports		Experience and travel needed 
sports		And watch via Sky Go here: IndvAus 
sports		Arwind Santos: from pedicab driver to PBA MVP - Yahoo Sports Philippines 
sports		A man bet $84 his grandson would one day play football for Wales. He was given 2,500:1 odds. And he just collected... 
sports		Making a difference through Sports#mightysports 
sports		I think we'd be well good on a sports team together.... just sayin 
sports		Family, friends, success, money, good food, sports and pretty women in miniskirts and heels RT ahhh all that??!? 
sports		"Why hasn't anyone thought of this" idea 312: sponsors arena, names it the 'TSN Sports Centre" tooeasy 
sports		Cycling 29.8 km in 01:38:22 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Hornets, Colts game cancelled 
sports		💪💪💪💪💪 (at St James' Park (Sports Direct Arena)) — 
sports		I did ask, they don't have sports channels 
sports		Gordon back on the cusp - Richmond Times Dispatch ICYMI sports news 
sports		Basketball Scoreboard 
sports		Best e-sports right here, right now! Watch 2013 WCS Korea Season 3 JOGUNSHOP GSL Code S FINAL on GSL 
sports		OWB1 + P 6 x 20s... Running 6.3 km in 00:39:30 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Fox sports commentary team have got sour grapes syndrome. bledisloe  
sports		Shanti finishes third in M’sia Open 100m final 
sports		BBC Sports: Swindon Town 2-0 Notts County 
sports		East Didsbury to home... Walking 11.7 km in 01:06:27 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Mitchell Johnson:5.5-1-26-2 
sports		Johnson double strike rattles India: Mitchell Johnson dismissed Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh off successive d... 
sports		Over:12 
sports		Tos:Aus 
sports		iphone go to 
sports		How I haven't missed sports direct 
sports		Check this Sangwan banned for 18 months by BCCI Anti-Doping tribunal: Kolkata Knight... SuryaRay India 
sports		Tampa Bay Lightning vs. Boston Bruins - 10/19/13: The Bruins look for a Florida sweep as they ta... sports news 
sports		IndvAus: Kohli reaches his 26th ODI fifty (53* off 56b), 4th in-a-row. India 
sports		"I don't play sports I chew dip and ride atvs" ..... Like dude, I wear skinny jeans and beanies and I still think you're a bitch. 
sports		Century at the Sports Direct.#Gerrard could get goal 100 as a Red,#Suarez could start game 100 as an LFC player NEWLIV 
sports		Steven gerrards goal against olympyakos on sky sports arrrrggghhhhyoubeauty best andy gray commentry ever" Everton legend LOL 
sports		Free sports basketball tribe play game Basketball Tribe 
sports		what are you riding my dawg!!!tell me its a sports car☺ 
sports		why doesnt cassey sell sports bras cassey dont do this to me 
sports		Rose scores 32 in Bulls' 103-98 victory whoaaaaa! Thirty two! 
sports		Virat Kohli : 40/42 
sports		Adnan Januzaj: Man Utd midfielder signs five-year deal | Malaysia Gazette - via 
sports		Arsenal vs Norwich 
sports		I think Star Sports Indian would be broadcasting it. 
sports		Most headlines from yesterday's HRH visit to Olympic park involved Kate's 'high heeled wedges' rather than her work for Sports Aid! 
sports		On Baseball: Cardinals Take Beltran to World Series 
sports		Colleges at their best! 2013 host borough colleges festival of sport. 
sports		times to break: nanyang sports boy scouts headquarters 
sports		The st. Louis blues are my favorite team after the orioles because honestly I feel like hockey is one of the most real sports out there now 
sports		Tendulkar the greatest batsman of our generation: Clarke 
sports		Marquez eats asphalt again - Fox Sports 
sports		Saturday outing... Walking 2.4 km in 01:06:39 tracked with sportstracker 
sports		Follow R FB Page "The Junkie & The Coach" 
sports		tanks it's sports park! 
sports		FG Running & Excersize Polarized Half Rim Sport Sunglasses $15.99 sports goods 
sports		I saw it on sky sports news 
sports		GB's sledge hockey team hope reaching the 2014 Sochi Paralympics will boost their campaign for UK Sport funding. SPORTS NEWS 
sports		Former Oilers coach Bum Phillips dies at 90 via 
sports		LV_Sports: Being the 1st to cross the finish line makes you a winner in onhamed ElBaradei sworn in as Egypt VP Egypt" 
sports		Sports fad invented by pigs: Mud wrestling. 
sports		BBC Sports: Brown ban too harsh, says Lennon 
sports		October 18, Final Scores/Leaders: 
sports		3Rd_ODi 
sports		V Kohli_35* 
sports		WICKET: India 14/1 (1.6/50 ov, lost the toss) v Australia,S Dhawan c Haddin b McKay 8 (6) Partnership: 14 (2.0 ov),CJ McKay 0.6-0-8-1 ... 
sports		I thought sky sports said he was 
sports		MeanMachine primed for Floodlit honours. 
sports		Rare saber-tooth whale found dead on Venice Beach in Southern California fashion sports 
sports		Ind Vs Aus Match 
sports		I'm at Bob's Sports Bar (Kailua, HI) 
sports		La Cañada High football can't slow down San Marino 
sports		Manchester United's Robin van Persie a doubt to face Southampton Sports News 
sports		Planning a camping vacation? Need hatchets axes , Shop now. 
sports		not getting an award from the school cause I didn't do sports or wasn't naughty 
sports		IndvAus: MS Dhoni off the mark with four past cover point. India 82/4 (14.4 ovs) 
sports		V Kohli 31* 
sports		Jesus, either I've went back in time to 2001 or Sky Sports think Soccer AM is an acceptable TV show. Baffling either way. 
sports		Running 22.0 km with SportsTracker 
sports		Impressive victory over the T-Wolves, Coach! 
sports		Wayne Rooney's form never an issue for David Moyes | via 
sports		give me one or two. 
sports		This Hour: Latest North Dakota news, sports, business and entertainment: Another oil spill has been reported in... 
sports		Lizzy Sports Complex in a bit....pray 4 teamVandal 
sports		In support of Mr Merkin Mordialloc Sports Club melbourne bayside 
sports		wrong timings fam.. Holiday drained me still... Got BT sports at home 😂 
sports		Ov 15 
sports		Sports Handicapping 75% Commission 
sports		Women like fast cars, fast boats, beer and sports too, ever been to Buffalo, NY? 
sports		Football: 'Ghost goal' helps Bayer Leverkusen spirit away top spot in... 
sports		LOOP ROPE 5' ROPE WITH 2 SS CLIPS ORANGE/BLK 5LRO-C-C NEW! $10.00 sports canoes 
sports		Nicol David retains US Open squash title - The Hindu: The HinduNicol David retains US Open squash titleThe Hin... 
sports		The Saturday Sports Show is live in an hour! Tune in at 11am for coverage of ECFC, Exeter Chiefs, Uni sport, debates, games…plus much more. 
sports		Mixed Martial Arts World Loses Tuff-N-Uff President Barry Meyer 
sports		Soca Warriors move ahead of Reggae Boyz in rankings - Stabroek News 
sports		I remember when my cousin was like "lets go beach I gawttt my bikini and bottoms on" nek minit we get there and she puts in a sports bra 😂 
sports		Sports Photography Weekly is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
sports		and in sports: Friday, Oct. 18 (jsonline): Share With Friends: | | Blogs - Sports Stories, RSS and R... sports 
sports		12 noon meet at STC for both teams this week! 
technology	
technology	lol yup. they got ppl who can apear as avatars and get the word on facebook and stuff lol. hey thats technology for ya 
technology	Flying mini-robot cleaners win design competition via 
technology	iPad Mini 2: What we expect regarding the price, specs, and release date of ... - CNET Technology 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen LifeStyle 
technology	How 3D printing will change the world - our tech supplement with today 
technology	How a special identity differs from a local group? 
technology	Dictation Technology Will Change Writing Instruction | via 
technology	Not a bad problem...Apple stores await Ahrendts touch as outlets struggle with growing demand via 
technology	Great idea for how website owners can help find missing children - messages go on 404 error pages please RT 
technology	Water legislation trickles down to present day - Vancouver Sun: Vancouver SunWater legislation trickles down t... 
technology	LeoJohnson: innovation spaces self organising groups using technology to solve problems KeiserReport *LIVE* 
technology	Google helps Indian find home 26 years later - Rappler bhavikbhavsar 
technology	30 Best iPhone and iPad apps this week 
technology	Hello Looking forward to your tweets! Thanks for following! agile scrum technology 
technology	webscraping 
technology	GITEX Technology Week 2013 opens tomorrow, Sunday October 20 
technology	when will you embrace technology? 
technology	a place where technology became the center of learning ILoveCH TechnologyIntegration 
technology	Saturday, 19102013 09:00CET HuakaierFC 2-0 BeijingTechnology footballresults 
technology	Facebook becomes Google advertising ally Latest Science & Technology News Stories 
technology	BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later ... - technology companies daily added 
technology	Thank you Chris for the Li-Fi info RT. That is a very cool technology. 
technology	Problems with links in Twitter DMs? Twitter is changing the technology. See Help Center on Direct Messages 
technology	Happy to learn that companies – including News Corp Australia – may lose so-called clean technology grants worth millions. Go Liberals. 
technology	The perils of being 'the car guy' 
technology	Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Zurich and BBC create electric kite :- Fotokite 
technology	Hope lock-on grips review: Hope’s new lock-on grips are available in bright green, red, clear or good old blac... 
technology	Are you fucking serious? It doesn't even host torrent files. SMH - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	Gartner's top 10 strategic tech trends for 2014 
technology	46 Asia has energetically accepted Western science and technology. 
technology	How E-Books Can Be Better Than Regular Books 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is PoweredBy Linux by 
technology	Google Stock Tops $1,000, Highlighting a Tech Divide (via cc ) 
technology	BURST CITY – AN EVOLVING CONCEPT art film noir moog korg yamaha concept dsi ambient futurism technology RT 
technology	The future of glass technology! 
technology	Rwanda keen to learn from Korea 
technology	Welcome A key feature of our innovative imaging technology is the low radiation dose imagewisely 
technology	iPhone wallpaper Silver Apple Logo With Leather Background iphone55s5c technology 
technology	Samsung Galaxy S5 could feature eye-scanning technology =_= 
technology	Massachusetts Institute of Technology TeenageForever Universitas luar negeri idaman kamu ? 
technology	newtechnology Watching The Heart Beat Of Molecules: A team of scientists around Prof. Theodor W. Hänsch and D... 
technology	Was upgrading my workout music but technology failed me in a major way.. Still got some new tracks so we shall party today 
technology	Sci-Fi today, reality tomorrow! 
technology	13 LOT COUGAR GOLF CLUB GAP WEDGE 51 DEGREE STAINLESS STEEL SOFT CAST TECHNOLOGY $139.73 Golf sports 
technology	Skylanders Swap Force: Eric Hirshberg interview telegraph 
technology	You are Important Without Technology httpld,bzajKj4 while or vacation there once a year; they live in & by faith, AW 
technology	Shop class as soulcraft, meet "the rise of the coffee machines" 
technology	Obamacare website uses old technology SurfBoard 
technology	Women scientists, Wikipedia under microscope 
technology	iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2: what to expect - ipad 
technology	Asteroid heading towards Earth in 2032 could mean the end for humans Cameron suggests wear a helmet ! 
technology	Information Technology Skills is the most boring subject ever. Ayifundeki ledoti... 
technology	Facebook CEO's sister to kids: Say no to technology: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's sister has written a child... 
technology	We need to dig to find out ? Why not we ask Technology/ISRO to check that out !!?? 
technology	Wind energy markets can be classified based on the end-use application of the technology. Wind energy projects... 
technology	Stanford researcher says accelerometer defects could ID phone users 
technology	some black stars players are hypocrites & cowards..if the kumasi pitch is HARD say it as it is so the FA/Green Grass Technology will fix it 
technology	Thank you for following Looking forward to your tweets! agile scrum technology 
technology	Camera Lets Blind People Navigate with Gestures | MIT Technology Review 
technology	US Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux 
technology	Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science: 14th Conference, Madras, India, December ... 
technology	TheDailyPR: Technology Emboldened NSA… 
technology	This is a colossal shame for the anti-technology "movement". UpgradeSoccer with technology now, o cheats! 
technology	Geek Speak: Tabitha Creighton, chief operating officer of Women Powering Technology 
technology	Will being online too much affect your kid's concentration? 
technology	Nvidia Tegra 5, great performance. tapi boros pada sektor baterai. but I thought that was awesome technology. Great Job 
technology	iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2: Apple tablets to get new 'smart covers'? 
technology	I agree with Gartner's view on the top 10 strategic tech trends in 2014. 
technology	new technology,,,,,,, 
technology	What Is 'Evil' to Google? - Ian Bogost - The Atlantic 
technology	Speaking at Codemotion Madrid with about Motion,Technology & Interaction motion code technology 
technology	and if there is can I stop it? God I hate technology! 
technology	inote13 prof Horgan on positives of iPad etc technology recalls recent article in Guardian on same point” so true 
technology	Going to turn my phone off for the day and just relax step away from technology and have a me day 😊 let's just see how long I last 
technology	7 Signs Your School Needs A Technology Makeover - Edudemic - Edudemic 
technology	I'm at Arab Academy for Science & Technology & Maritime Transport! 
technology	Solid Concepts - Direct Metal Laser Sintering (DMLS) Technology: via 
technology	Acer Launches Iconia W4 Windows 8.1 Tablet: Acer has brought in its new tablet, the Iconia W4 tablet, an upgra... 
technology	Designation: Process Executive 
technology	(Q_Q) Good bye 
technology	Its funny helping ld folks getting caught up with technology; 
technology	UPDATE: NO SUNDAY DFW-LOF: Taking Technology Break via 
technology	Would you like to take a look at my take on 'Design Thinking in a Technology Driven Context'? Thales 
technology	The NBA's New Technology Will Change the Way We Watch Sports - Newsweek - Newsweek The NBA’s New Technology... 
technology	Cloud Dynamics Granted Patent for Revolutionary ecoDC Technology 
technology	On a R500 phone allowance? Affordable mid-range smartphones that offer same technology as pricey ones: 
technology	Via Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA. 
technology	Coalition may take back clean technology grant offers of $53m via 
technology	We're obsessive about bridging the gap that opens up between people and technology. Here's how we do it... - 
technology	Fortune Technology Daily Digest is out! 
technology	Photo: Watchup... 
technology	Hope lock-on grips review bikeradar 
technology	Deloitte Florida’s new unemployment website, designed by Deloitte, also draws complaints 
technology	Wi-fi from a lightbulb?! LED 'li-fi' step closer, 
technology	using technology in formative assessment via 
technology	Intense sights and sounds of Mexico City - captured in a few minutes 
technology	Activists: Bomb near Syrian capital kills 16: BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian rebels assaulted a checkpoint in a pro-gove... 
technology	Brain Gets Rid of Toxins as We Sleep: It's a wake-up call for an estimated 150 million people who don't ... tech 
technology	The Future of Auto Marketing Could Be a Little Creepy 
technology	ENORMOUS ASTEROIDwill smash the earth on 26Aug2032 with a force 50 times greater than the most powerful nuclearBomb 
technology	New Business Blog: Calls for Europe to cultivate 'world-class' technology startups business webdesign 
technology	Love these! RT Inspiring women in STEM – your pictures 
technology	When technology becomes a way of life 
technology	Top 10 Biggest Dams in the World 
technology	*video shows a man in pleated khakis using googleglass technology to detect a fart cloud and walk around it* okay, NOW I'm impressed 
technology	Old People + Technology = Fucking Funny." 
technology	1) Stay onto of Technology to improve productivity 2) Stick to what you're good at.. 3) Protect yourself. CEO cow 
technology	Business Objects Developer Dayton Jobs 
technology	Technology sucks. 
technology	Jobs wanted 'tantric sex in garden shed' 
technology	CharlotteChamber NorthCarolina 
technology	How to avoid Spam as much as possible. 
technology	Only the sender and recipient know the content of an iMessage says Apple 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release 
technology	Top ten tech trends for next year 
technology	BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall: BBC's iPlayer is shaping up ... 
technology	St Mike’s score a goal that would befuddle goal-line technology. 2-1 to Unity 
technology	Council of National Institutes of Technology (NITs) has approved almost 100% fee hike from Rs 35,000 to Rs 70,000... 
technology	Please donate! … and please click 5 stars! … elstree film documentary indiegogo kubrick 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day ‘because of technology’: Parents blame technology for their children... 
technology	am always a head of technology 
technology	will be speaking on behalf of .ME at the New Age Technology fair today at 2PM in Podgorica, hotel Ramada! TNDsajam 
technology	Subscribe to my Youtube - Rules - All the cool technology toys for iPhone, iPad, Mobile etc I review See Cool Stuff! 
technology	Technology consulting - NetSuite - business development manager job: McGladrey, Dallas, TX. 
technology	The slideshare also contains a summary of the latest social media guidance for doctors 
technology	Importance of the goal line technology 
technology	Blurredlines: Are Some Of The World's Biggest Brands Turning Into Technology Companies? 
technology	Whatever I have rashly said... 
technology	GMO Monsanto cannibalism RT Brazil -may release terminator seed technology: … 
technology	The US Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux 
technology	only MF up vampin besides a few of my 💯 real KY rounds !!! I done FaceTimed and tango'd everybody 😂😂😂 thank God for technology 
technology	technology systems. SolFocus was incubated at PARC where it expanded its operations and funding before moving to new headquarters in 2007. 
technology	Made it an entire week without turning my phone on. Either I’m not as reliant on technology as I thought I was or I don’t have any friends. 
technology	6 Tips to Boost Your Marketing Efforts with Linkedin 
technology	Helios and Matheson's board meeting on October 29, 2013: Helios and Matheson Information Technology has infor... 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Save your eyes from LED lights 
technology	really tho. imagine growing up with no technology 
technology	NSA's PRISM (and GCHQ's Tempora) Snooping Breaches International Law, Experts Say - via 
technology	You will always be in my heart. 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down | via 
technology	NFC - The New Era of Internet Marketing Technology - 
technology	Not exactly a network but interesting- Wonobo draws Google into 'Street' fight via 
technology	they're the same thing. All techies need to be aware of the relationship the public has with their technology and how its branded 
technology	lexus beauty black ninja speed power drift technology smart Japanese 
technology	Gadgets: Bluetooth accessories make music, calls, printing easy to use - Waterbury Republican American: nextro... 
technology	Affordable mid-range smartphones that offer the same technology as pricey ones: iMag 
technology	Top story: Free Technology for Teachers: How to Create Audio Slideshows in YouT… see more 
technology	First Tesco, now Argos. Tablet usage should surge for 2014 and totally change the demographic makeup via 
technology	excellent timeline about technology 
technology	Industrial Chemistry Technology 
technology	"iPhone 5s users report 'Blue Screen Of Death' crashes via " U mad iphone fan? 
technology	This Building Is Like The World's Largest Pillow Fort via 
technology	technology is moving us backward 
technology	Name sonething a tourist might wear around their neck? 
technology	A pillow that plays music from my iPhone�I love you technology 
technology	technology news Google helps Indian find home 26 years later - Rappler 
technology	T-Mobile to eliminate international data fees - By ANICK JESDANUNAP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) - T-Mobile is... 
technology	Linux is so versatile! 
technology	ZOTAC ZBOX-ID83-U ZBOX ID83 BB MAX-16GB DDR3 I3 NEW $390.53 apple technology 
technology	Venture Capital: Slide 5: Technology: Best to use animated graphics. Before and after diagrams often work well. 
technology	Billionaire Reid Hoffman Reveals LinkedIn's 2004 Pitch Deck Along With Invaluable Startup Advice (LNKD) - SFGate 
technology	Meet at OTD2013 in Norway Oct 23-24, Hall J Stand 5306. Discover our Stavanger jobs 
technology	Google Cofounders Larry Page And Sergey Brin Up A Combined $5.9 Billion In 24 Hours google 
technology	2013 prices for early 2000's technology, you are pulling our pants down 
technology	Need a technology which'll allow someone else to sleep on my behalf? Or maybe rechargeable battery packs and u don't have to sleep at all 
technology	suurrre. 9+9 isn't 18? Ore 18 ISN'T Lego? LEGO ISN'T THE PERFECT GESTALT TECHNOLOGY!? ontoyou 
technology	The Global Miller: Black Sea Region: Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Russia...: via Grain&FeedMillingTechnolo 
technology	"Downtown Loop" opens on Wednesday at the 3LD Art & Technology Center, Lower Manhattan. Directed by Meghan Finn. 
technology	hehe I take you next trip  very cheap and latest technology 
technology	Design Thinking in a Technology Driven Context DesignThinking gamification design Download 
technology	Wkwk I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food." 
technology	5 Reasons Why You Might Buy iPhone 5C: Thinking of buying the iPhone 5C? Which of these reasons is yours? tech 
technology	Real justice, love, technology only possible after 1% arrests for OBVIOUS Crimes -- Puppet Masters -- 
technology	What would goal line technology do about Stefan Kießling's magical goal v Hoffenheim? HOW?! 
technology	blame the technology then 
technology	Essential Tips on how to attract more visitors to your Website 
technology	Microsoft Makes Xbox 'Games With Gold' a Permanent Perk: Technology, Tech 
technology	How BBC Playlister will curate the nation's musical tastes via 
technology	Networking for networking: how Cisco uses social media marketing via 
technology	Friendly Classroom Technology edtech etchat 
technology	Wi-fi connectivity from a light bulb ("li-fi") has come a step closer, according to Chinese scientists. 
technology	mayb ur hoe of a mom shd come over hia n discover Africans discovered technology but not soap or toothpaste apparently �"" 
technology	?Soiled by the filthy belligerent hnds of technology 
technology	music, art & technology festival ENDEMIC 6 HALLOWEEN MONSTER FESTIVAL ★DATE：2013.10.26(Sat) 20:00- 
technology	The Wording 'eBook' Should Be Replaced With CodeX ... they are so different from traditional reading 
technology	expatjobs jobsabroad 
technology	That goal cheated goal-line technology big time. ghostgoal 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny.” This is adaptability 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Technology 2013 UAE 
technology	Apptio and It's Value present at CIOday 25 and 26 of November. The coming out of Technology Business Management in the Netherlands! 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food from the internet. 
technology	Students and Information Technology 2013 edtech eLearning | via 
technology	"We don't want a Novel Price, we want the Market" Korea ex- Ministry of Science and Technology- South Korea . Prof. KunMo Chung 
technology	what's the twitter handle of the gentlemen who was sharing the power of technology in de touchdown midwik? 
technology	DRONE deliveries in Australia set to start. 
technology	Wot a gret feelin , i did my 424th perfomance at the kiambu intitute of science n technology. Thank GOD 
technology	JobSearch IT Security Specialist, Sr. (SNOC) at General Dynamics Information Technology... Find this Job & More 
technology	lead to overstock with vriation and less quality serves to amount with leak of copy writing, in globalization and technology revolution + 
technology	Vote for me, as I will renew culture and technology VoteForTommy 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: August 31, 2012: A solar filament erupts out into ... 
technology	thank god for technology, those telegraphs to The Caymen Islands were costing a fortune. SEND MONEY STOP 
technology	“Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because Of Spiders” via 
technology	PC shipments fall for sixth straight quarter - NBC 
technology	- could've done with today's technology? 
technology	Nvidia G-Sync: the end of screen-tear in PC gaming: Nvidia has revealed new technology... 
technology	Adobe has an epically abysmal security record - Fortune (blog) 
technology	job 
technology	Bringing a touch of style 
technology	Account Director - career enhancing global technology campaigns - London - The Works PRJobs 
technology	2. In this connection, we enclose a copy of circular on the captioned subject issued to all Scheduled Commercial … 
technology	Gravity has to be one of the most intense film experiences I have ever experienced. A movie that justifies the use of high technology. 
technology	Can humans evolve behaviors as fast as we develop new technology...? 
technology	Learning and Creating Knowledge in Social Networks edtech ictev HigherEd teaching technology 
technology	" I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots " AlbertEinstein 
technology	inote13 Sensible comments by John Horgan on the inter-generational ‘panic of technology’. The ‘autonomy new tech gives children. 
technology	Local people 'need access to technology to survive disasters' via 
technology	Europe Moves to Shield Citizens’ Data. The EU response to Prism? 
technology	A bright idea LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	Links 12 Oct, Glorious Apple iPad Rumours (Tim Worstall/Forbes.com Technology News) 
technology	" I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of Idiots " 
technology	the kids that visited us in lewisville, tx from palo alto were different and i could tell at 17. they were into technology in a natural way. 
technology	I'm at Misr University For Science & Technology w/ 5 others 
technology	Technology has changed the face of business; many people ... adforfree.in 
technology	What is the cause of friction? 
technology	FST TCS 2002: Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science: This book constitutes the r... 
technology	5th graders want you to donate new socks for the homeless! Media Technology students created posters… 
technology	JobCentre Jobs Planning and Performance Manager – Change and Technology UKJobs Jobsite 
technology	Venture Capital: Slide 5: Technology: Concentrate on essential value proposition! Talk to important but peripheral issues and details. 
technology	tells us many memorable stories from xl8 technology history: "xl8 saves lives and cultures" trikonf13 
technology	Article: 5 Apps That Can Improve Your Writing Skills - 5 Apps That Can Improve Your Writing Skills 
technology	tech app news Microsoft says Windows Phone Remote Desktop app will join... socialmedia 
technology	Y Fliker Carver Extreme FLEX Technology via 
technology	Old people and Technology! 
technology	Researchers hope technology will help ALS patients - Pittsburgh Post Gazette | 
technology	Skylanders Swap Force: Eric Hirshberg interview - As the latest edition of the hugely popular toy and game hybrid ... 
technology	I hate technology 
technology	phone is on its way ot &amp;amp; so is my iPad .... technology 
technology	Java Developer with Java EE5 Technology - Austin, TX 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux 
technology	Practical exam schedules posted on FB 
technology	iCarnegie Global Learning: “Decade of Failed IT Ed Hindering UK Economy & Changes Must Be Made Across IT Curriculum”: 
technology	SUBSCRIBE: To our YouTube channel for music, technology, religion, politics and (spiritual) education 
technology	IsoHunt, a popular website offering BitTorrents of mostly pirated material, is to shut down following a court... 
technology	Surfing Solomon Islands - Surfing Solomon Islands - Surfing and environmental... 
technology	This is mesmerising! Animation of most popular Baby Names for Girls In US from 1960 - The Atlantic 
technology	CNNMoney. Al Gore tried to buy Twitter 
technology	download Xantrex Technology 2000 User Manual, Owner‘s guide and Instructions - TBM008116090020 
technology	So I think I've become overly reliant on technology. 
technology	Google Ḡ: "Protests follow Google 'endorsed advert' change - BBC News" 
technology	Disabled parking campaign shames drivers on Facebook Technology 
technology	Two things that don't mix: 
technology	massachusetts institute of technology 
technology	A diverse group of technology startups working to transform healthcare ready for investment: 
technology	Here's a dose of DailyDoseofSunshine ('Coz it's not all about bad news): The pope embracing technology plus he... 
technology	4 Significant Ways Modern techno electronics 
technology	No more tweets about Naija again. Henceforth, just aviation, sports, technology or anyother thing that catches my attention. So help me God. 
technology	technology The perils of being 'the car guy' 
technology	HOT JOB: Project-Engineer Audio Technology II ~ ESPN (Irving, TX) 
technology	technology doesn't exist. 
technology	Merging health technology with social media, entertainment, sports and fitness 
technology	Forensictrends Panasonic UK Resolves Probe On Stolen-Laptop Data Breach - Law360 (subscription) 
technology	Free Technology for Teachers: How to Create Audio Slideshows in YouTube | 
technology	Pitching: Consumer product or Core technology/service?... startups 
technology	Technology helped me wish my gpa a virtual happy 80th birthday 
technology	UK Companies Urged To Exploit High Growth Forecasts & Embrace Digital Technology StartUp 
technology	Advances In Cinema Tech Overcoming a Strange Racial Divide (Slashdot): Share With Friends: | | Technology - ... 
technology	iMessage may not be as secure as Apple claims security privacy 
technology	Michael Tellinger : Ancient technology and the Ubuntu movement 
technology	Technology and I have a mutual hate for eachother. 
technology	iPod News: "Apple iPod creator launches intelligent smoke alarm - The Guardian" 
technology	GUESS A 
technology	I Don't Think You're Ready for This, Jelly 
technology	When you think about it, technology is killing us slowly. In a way. 
technology	New Speco Technology VL-648IR Color Dome Camera CCTV with 24 IR's: $99.95 (0 Bids) End Date: Sunday Oct-20-2013... 
technology	Think SoLoMo or SoCoLoMo - Social Commerce, Local &amp; Mobile - For Digital Success - (repost) Technology 
technology	UAE-based app developer Advansoft showcases latest innovations at GITEX Technology Week 
technology	Oh, hi $1,000: Google is newest member of exclusive club 
technology	Google stock crosses $1,000 mark after earnings Latest Science & Technology News Stories 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny 😂😂" lol. My mom is a greek nowadays 
technology	And technology is the extension of memories RT 'The business of life is the acquisition of memories' 
technology	“The obstacles ahead are now based in the market and in technology, not our minds” via Startups 
technology	I know how you feel! We get so dependant on our technology! Need to have extras as back up! 
technology	Driverless train technology has been with us for years - see the DLR 
technology	NEW 
technology	Shame on you Google, respect my privacy - 
technology	Web Developer - PHP / JavaScript job in Brea, CA at Robert Half Technology php dev 
technology	BBC News - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	A light bulb Wi-fi connectivity from a light bulb - or "li-fi" - has come a step closer.... 
technology	Iran achieves Laser Weapon System's deflection technology. 
technology	Best of luck to Klondike Innovations Go see our new innovative custom technology in the Zabeel Hall stand k-27. 
technology	LED light bulb 'li-fi' closer, say Chinese scientists 
technology	Millennials are tech-savvy young adults, but many think technology makes people less human, according to a poll. | 
technology	The world has never been wealthier, requiring less people to produce it because of technology. There are not enough jobs to go around. 
technology	5 ways to reduce advertising network latency Microsoft is rolling out Windows 8.1 as a free upgrade for all... 
technology	Off the shelf and on the ship: 
technology	The Finest In Akane Technology, Powered By Candy Operating System. 
technology	Agree. ESTATE says a lot about seeking truth, transparency, and the globalization of technology. It's about the big picture. 
technology	Very cool GIF - most popular girl's names since 1960 - The Atlantic 
technology	7-11 Rebrands To Target Health-Conscious Millennials via 
technology	Information Technology IT Manager job in Charlotte, NC manager 
technology	Technology Toyota recalls 803000 Camrys, other models - USA TODAY: New York TimesToyota recalls 803000 Camrys... 
technology	'Apple can read your iMessages' claims security firm via 
technology	Google Stock Tops $1000, Highlighting a Tech Divide - New York Times 
technology	Technology is the only thing worth bragging about, we've lost track of everything else that matters. 😔 
technology	oh technology, you always got to let me down 
technology	Skylanders Swap Force: Eric Hirshberg interview 
technology	Mistake spell technology 
technology	4 Ways Businesses Have Changed in the Past Decade 
technology	Class-UK Direct - Class-UK Direct - Suppliers of sound and lighting equipment for... 
technology	Ghana economy grows with help of technology and targeted aid - The Guardian Ghanians themselves passive beneficiaries 
technology	High fashion in the tech world - $htmlTitle 
technology	Gartner's top 10 strategic tech trends for 2014 Mobile Tech is definitely the future. PM for solutions 
technology	Photo: IBM Watson fires... 
technology	Technology shines but banking, infrastructure funds fare worst in Q2 - 
technology	Unique Virtual Sales: Daniel H. Wilson on Singularity 1 on 1: We Can't Win Against Technology -- We Are Technology! - ... 
technology	My motivation for paying a higher price for technology is that it works better not it is less annoying 
technology	As if underwater Wi-Fi wasn't fascinating enough, another wireless technology that could be groundbreaking if it gets to market....Li-fi 
technology	Sr. Chemical Process Engineer - Manufacturing Technology: Hiring a Sr. Chemical Process Engineer - Manufactur... 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Xelestine's transformable sportscar concept in wag... 
technology	The Global Miller: Event: IAOM Mideast & Africa Expo: via Grain&FeedMillingTechnology 
technology	Yesterday's Sector Performance - 10/18/13 - Financial: 0.419% Technology: 1.737% Healthcare: -0.078% Services: 0.774% Utilities: 0.629% 
technology	Big data Advanced Technology Coverage Training In Chennai: via 
technology	technology is corrupting our youth!!! 
technology	Technology AMNH Hosts Margaret Mead Film Festival This Weekend: Just because the online science comm... Science 
technology	not for me.its good but it's too 'produced',but I suppose this was always going to happen with new technology. 
technology	Stay tuned to Ireland's Technology Blog, we will be live at NokiaWorld2013 tweeting news and pictures next week 
technology	Swoopmail: THE TECHNOLOGY: Zimbra collaboration Suite -- Customizable 
technology	technology is failing for me at the moment! 
technology	Elon Musk buys 007's submersible Lotus, plans to make it work - Fox News Technology 
technology	I see 2 fates for humanity. Either merge with the awakening consciousness of our technology or be replaced by it. We will never be the same. 
technology	14195 : Othr Sydney unis: University of Sydnay (top 2 alongside cNSW), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie 
technology	I love how I can fix almost anything technology wise with just a little research. 😊 
technology	Information technology اكتب_أيش_تخصصك 
technology	Europe Moves to Put Online Data Beyond U.S. Reach 
technology	IntelliForex advanced forex technology offers many auto-trading options including MetaTrader4 Bridge 
technology	96 channels on one thunderbolt port. Photo by Jules of 
technology	have been announced the Winner of Deloitte Technology Fast50 India program 2013 second time in a Row. 
technology	etwinning most active teacher is also aware that No technology can replace methodology, etwamb13 REDXXI 
technology	Hi Would you like to take a look at my take on 'Design Thinking in a Technology Driven Context'? 
technology	Les barbares attaquent ... La Poste?! cc Push for lift-off on drone deliveries in Australia 
technology	PlayStation 4 launch title DriveClub rumoured to be delayed until 2014 - 
technology	must be a side effect of the waterproof technology 
technology	The Adheaven Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Sleep Music Based Technology + Plus 1 Free Album, 75% Commission 
technology	4 Significant 
technology	Mobile Technology Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Freedom from Torture becomes first charity to use smart ad technology | Charity Digital News 
technology	SAPVoice: Blurredlines: Are Some Of The World's Biggest Brands Turning Into Technology Companies? - Forbes 
technology	National Institute of Technology, Raipur Job Vacancies 2013 via BABU JOBS - Vacancies at National ... 
technology	Why will we use Wechat, when we have whatsapp?? technology mobile 
technology	Group travel organisers can find out more about technology that can help simplify the booking process at WTM13 
technology	Information Commissioner's Office issues BYOD warning featured Infosec 
technology	Would goal line technology have helped with Kießling's "goal" for Leverkusen last night? Bundesliga 
technology	Did anyone see Bayer Leverkusen's ghost goal last night?Aren't we beyond this now, with technology and all what it is? 
technology	Gartner: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 - 
technology	Buy online best quality branded earphone,headphone,wireless 
technology	Manager-Strategic Technology job in Joliet, IL at Commscope marketing 
technology	Collaborative consumption meets regulatory control...an important contest sharingeconomy collcons 
technology	ALL TECHNOLOGY IS FAILING ME TONIGHT 
technology	Shared because the picture illustrates one of the finest examples of pwnage I've ever seen. 
technology	Technology is part of our lives, so we combined video software with tennis for great upshots. 
technology	conputation robotics future technology IBM 
technology	etwinning most active teacher is also aware that No technology can replace methodology, etwamb13 
technology	news politics technology Windows … 
technology	Page unavailable RT Affordable mid-range smartphones that offer the same technology as pricey ones iMag 
technology	Could not be prouder of & her work in the UK. she is basically awesome! 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Samsung announced the Galaxy Tab 3, a 7-inch table... 
technology	Tuit: Unlocks Your NFC Enabled Smartphone With A Security Ring 
technology	Social Media and Technology Review is out! 
technology	Parental Control Smartphone Technology could be the solution to a multitude of is iphoneapps 
technology	Inspiring women in science and technology – your pictures highered 
technology	Nexus 5 images leaked on Google Play 
technology	BobbyOreMotorsports Volvo reveals innovative new battery technology 
technology	The CEO of a technology company should have the hunger to make a good product instead of making a ton of money by confusing the consumer 
technology	Hi I'm at XL XPlor Central Park. Come and visit us, get the new experience of telco's technology trendsetter 
technology	AT&T's Corporate Accessibility Technology Office Recognized by G3ict 
technology	Albert Einstein 
technology	Women in IT: Take charge of your career path to success - via Technology Leadership Academy 
technology	Africa's future is clear: Youth, Technology &amp; Broadband via 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The VerticalMouse is far from a new product :: Ver... 
technology	Just clicked send on my text to you. TECHNOLOGY! Thank you and loads of love xx 
technology	Woah I want Li-Fi now... 
technology	[To the real world... from technology!] Bringing the Real World to Your Classroom | via 
technology	captures 's insights on the power of a technology refined society - 
technology	The Aurora by Lynx Studio Technology 
technology	_I'm majorng in recording technology and minoring in business when I get in college 
technology	DELL PRECISION R5500 WORKSTATION 2 X INTEL 6C X5650 2.66GHZ 96GB RAM 6 X 900GB $7919.00 technology computer 
technology	IT+IT=IT Indian talent + Information technology = India Tomorrow -On E-governance NaMoInKanpur 
technology	Species 8472 must be stopped. Our survival is your survival. Give us the technology. 
technology	Brain Gets Rid of Toxins as We Sleep: It's a wake-up call for an estimated 150 million people who don't get en... 
technology	Make your way to Nasrec for to be wowed by the technology! 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - ABC NewsCan Apple rea... 
technology	For technology livers: Mind-Blowing Futuristic Wartime Technologies - via 
technology	Solaris X86 64-bit Assembly Programming: This is a simple example on writing, compiling, and debugging Solaris... 
technology	What is the AmWand 
technology	How can I play iPhone videos on my TV? 
technology	Old People + Technology = Cute 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux Linux - for when computers MUST work reliably! 
technology	AMONG ... 
technology	'Bionic man' makes debut at Washington's Air and Space Museum - GMA News: 'Bionic man' makes debut at Washingt... 
technology	As announced in the Monetary Policy Statement 2013-14 (paragraph 101), with the increased use of information tech… 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down via 
technology	Malaysia: downsizingg the civil sevrice would risk upsetting voters: 
technology	How to Practice Project-Based Learning Using Technology? PBL EdTech edtechchat edchat ntchat 
technology	Geothermal Technology Experiences the Ultimate Road Trip RT 
technology	LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China researchers very clever tech & economically viable near term. 
technology	Which apps could you not live without technology iphone android tech 
technology	Hyperlocal Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	CyberSurf - Games & Activities for Safe Online Surfing via 
technology	“The Navy's Newest Warship Is Powered By Linux” 
technology	Greg Davies on why he couldn't go back to teaching - Radio Times | 
technology	Great shot sconce - Florindo Silva's image on 
technology	NEW!| OSSIM v4.0 is Out: New Correlation Capabilities | AlienVault | 
technology	Micromax names Hugh Jackman as brand ambassador - Tech News | Latest Technology News 
technology	More Brands Are Using Real-Time Bidding to Buy Ads brand digitalmarketing advertising cmo 
technology	Would goal line technology have prevented this? Or only apparent through replay? 
technology	The things we can do with technology>>>> 
technology	Gaming & gamification on WTM radar: On November 4th World Travel Market 2013 event ‘WTM Technology Enabling... 
technology	Walk-in for Cognizant technology Solutions for freshers 
technology	Wow..goodies... hehehe Faculty of Integrated Technology 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Key Features of Micromax Funbook Talk P362 Tablet 
technology	some of us are so depended on technology, its hard to live without it 
technology	Nvidia G-Sync tech claims to remove screen tearing, lag, and stutter - GameSpot Technology 
technology	Social Alarms - Global Strategic Business Report - 2013 Edition Featuring 113 Profiles… 
technology	The day that Einstein feared has arrived! 
technology	Vested interests hate disruptive innovation like poison - the case of in NYC (ht 
technology	Are Some Of The World's Biggest Brands Turning Into Technology Companies? via 
technology	that's cool! i know there'a a flipside to it! but hey, they all become kids when it comes to technology! SomethingsMoneyCanBuy 
technology	A pgeon would understand technology better than Samy! iGiveUp _ 
technology	Information Communications Technology (ICT) Manager - Harris Hill (£35k - 36k per year, London) 
technology	Catch up on the latest tv technology at our new Samsung SmartTV shop on the lower basement floor! 
technology	Dexter payment card malware strikes South Africa: Eyal EstrinCIS... 
technology	270-degree ScreenX technology shows ultra-wide movies on three walls - TechnologyExcellence.in 
technology	See Why People are Calling this site The Next Facebook => 
technology	Survival of the Fittest via wireless technology 
technology	Facebook lifting privacy restrictions... Explains what we were talking about! 
technology	Technology Workers Are Young (Really Young) - 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: An aerial view of the Bullitt Center, rooftop sola... 
technology	Time to take mother for a MRI on the knee modern technology in knee replacement ppl operations , sounds impressive 
technology	hate when my phone freezes , damn you technology 
technology	Technology Today (and Tomorrow)! is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	GRR, I hate people who don't understand that as technology is advancing 30gb of internet won't last.. ESPECIALLY BETWEEN 5 PEOPLE OldPeople 
technology	Arrambam ll be perfect in technology , script & the way of making wise coz the dir is 
technology	NASA to jellyfish: I don't think you're ready for this, jelly 
technology	. Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	Apple: 'Early adopter' as fashionista - Reuters Technology 
technology	Love the DIY features and health conscious kitchens of the future. via 
technology	Go mobile Smartphone users worldwide spend almost £10 billion on apps this year 
technology	The wonders of Information Technology.... 
technology	I liked a video from Are Humans Merging With Technology? 
technology	Using Naturally Sustainable Building Materials In Your New Home Or Addition You may be surprised at how many... 
technology	"Did you use… 
technology	TechNews: Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (Cnet) 
technology	anthonymeindl Thank you so much for your support, it means a lot! Love and LightWe have the technology and materials to m 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release - about time, windows 8 staggering misstep 
technology	Where are the women? - 
technology	Speaking of technology. human rights will keep the people free and entitled to equality, justice, dignity 
technology	Long distance IR technology that can pick out people on carriageway in poor visibility/night from 300m distance StellaGate BMWgate 
technology	Searchers Using New Technology In Effort To Find Missing Autistic Teen From Queens « CBS New York findavonte 
technology	If you're thinking of leaving Facebook - check out this week's Swipe skynews 
technology	39664 Other Sydney unis: University f Sydney (top 2 alongside =NSW), University of Technology Sydney andjMacquarie? 
technology	Breakthrough in 3D data storage technology can fit up to 1 petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data on a single DVD.#random 
technology	Sony’s very SmartWatch 2 - Review 
technology	Voipswitch Showcases Innovative PC and MAC RCS Dialer at Gitex Technology ... 
technology	Welcome new followers - look forward to sharing more about innovative medical technology from across the globe. 
technology	technology which gifted by the GOD.NEW HAVE INVENTED SPHERICAL MATRIX, SUPER CONVERTER & WORLD 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express Smartphone 
technology	says Lib Dems a party for science and technology That's backing for advanced manufacturing in the NW 
technology	a place where its principal is a young man who consistently has passion in technology ILoveCH 
technology	LEGO Technic Robotics (Technology in Action) - 
technology	Norwich will fancy their chances at Arsenal despite return of Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla: By Gar... technology 
technology	Augmented reality trumps QR codes for print-to-mobile engagement - Software and technology - Mobile Marketer 
technology	New Technology Allows Fast, Reliable Pathogen Identification 
technology	Even if, you don't need GL technology to see that Kiessling's header hit the side netting. How the hell was that allowed to stand? 
technology	Hope lock-on grips review cycling 
technology	I gave +K about Technology on 
technology	where's the goal line technology hey? 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down rip isohunt 
technology	'My Gameboy got me through working in Debenhams in 1990' - techreview 
technology	Using something too much can harm you.. Just use what is needed 👍 
technology	Fun Halloween Apps for Kids – Imagination Soup Fun Learning and Play Activities for Kids | 
technology	I'm at Faculty of Resource Science & Technology (Fakulti Sains & Teknologi Sumber) - 
technology	BBC News - Myst creators seek cash for new game 
technology	There is power when we come together collaboration. technology can give us platforms we need. 
technology	TEC member Carolyn Cross wowed IWF2013 audience- technology. At VGH demonstrating innovation. vancouver 
technology	=> 
technology	I just want to go somewhere peaceful and just be alone for a day or two... Somewhere with no technology, Noise, just the sound of Nature... 
technology	Unbreakable smartphones coming soon: RMIT research iPhone android mobile HigherEd ICT research technology 
technology	Huawei Sees Resolution of US Security Concern Taking a Decade - Businessweek Technology 
technology	Polychrome (Eng) - visual arts, music, design, technology and all other aspects of creation 
technology	After winning National EU and Global awards the Ultimate: Barnsley and Rotherham chamber of commerce Innovation and Technology in Business! 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny." facebookgrandma 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - apple news 
technology	Technology helped hoes, like in da 90's hoes couldnt get on twitter n find out where a nigga was performin n already be there to suck dick 
technology	Scotland group celebrates anniversary with event on politics at work womenintech 
technology	TRU Technology Line8is Line driver w/ Upgraded OpAmps - NIB: $152.50 (4 Bids) End Date: Saturday Oct-19-2013... 
technology	Looking for an Infrastructure Review? - we provide a fresh look at your organisations technology infrastructure 
technology	Micron Technology 128MB Compact Flash Memory Card SMC128BFD6E: $5.00 (0 Bids) End Date: Saturday Oct-19-2013... 
technology	Boy are we glad its the weekend! Its been a busy week, check out our latest website launch for PCW Technology 
technology	Only the striker seemed to realise. Were was the goal line technology there. Haha 
technology	I Luv Technology... 
technology	Tech Byte: Biometrics Plus a Winning Pharmacist-created App 
technology	Mind-numbing mobile plans do buyers no favors (Smartphones Unlocked) Technology 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny." My Grandpa with Smart Phone  
technology	Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299 Technology News 
technology	Google shares break $1,000 barrier as mobile pays off Technology 
technology	Category: Technology 
technology	wifi, What a fantastic idea.. 
technology	38807 Other Sydney nis: University of Sydney (top 2 alongside UNSx), University o] Technology Sydney and Macquarie' 
technology	BBC News - Underwater wi-fi given test run to create 'deep-sea internet' 
technology	Join our Free Monday Morning Export Focus update and get essential advice,tips & information every Monday 
technology	The U.S. Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux, and Captained by James Kirk (Yep, that's his real name!) 
technology	every country should be independent scientifically.why beg for technology from US? 
technology	I’m reading about nVidia’s G-Sync technology. I must admit sounds great. Part of why I run crossfire is to try and get smooth 60fps vsync. 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - Apple 
technology	hot tech news 16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume socialshakeup 
technology	Yahoo! Sports: World Soccer - Yahoo! Sports: World Soccer - News, articles,... 
technology	CyberWar : Critical Infrastructure Protection (IFIP Advances in Information and Communication Technology) 
technology	Technology To Know 
technology	A Butterfly Farm HD Pro - Shanghai Youqu Information Technology Inc.,Ltd: 
technology	Thank you for following forward to your tweets!Hope you have a nice day.#agile scrum technology 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express Tech Technology 
technology	Would you like to take a look at my take on design thinking in a technology driven context? 
technology	KSUSTA Admission List 2013-2014 (1st Batch) Is Out: Kebbi State University of Science and Technology, Aliero (... 
technology	.. first torrent client that I used since 2006 
technology	'Technology is so much our servant, we rarely notice how it is so much our master.' 
technology	Technology Inbound Marketer is out! 
technology	One Direction advent calendars hit by production delays 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down 
technology	It's time to let the kids made their path to the next evolution of technology  
technology	Financial and Insurance Technology Security Services overjoyed 
technology	Software Development Engineer (Embedded C/C++) - Capita Technology: Salary: Not Specified, 3 yr of exp, posted... 
technology	Learning today: Rogers' Technology Diffusion. You'll be surprised to see it existing all around ur organization 
technology	Good morning Glasgow. Love the new technology used on the outside of this building. glasgow… 
technology	Elon Musk Wants to Make Bond's Lotus Submarine Car a Reality - PC Magazine Technology 
technology	The world's technology giants must invest in universal basic education in Africa before anything else. 
technology	Twitter: 
technology	Why We Overestimate Technology and Underestimate the Power of Words | Copyblogger 
technology	Technology is definitely not my friend 
technology	3. While entering into agreement with service provider in this regard, UCBs may ensure that the infrastructure an… 
technology	the newest technology :D 
technology	A very informative lipstick from technology 
technology	Infographic: Video Marketing - Social Proof by the Numbers - Marketing Technology Blog | via 
technology	BBC News: LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	if another life form would have the technology to get here im pretty sure theyd get how cars work. I see the smiles too, tho! 
technology	Technology is great: if you want to read drivel, racist banter, lies & poor grammar, as well as the daily mail, we now have Facebook 
technology	Conductive Make up, Chemical eye lashes, Beauty Technology Nails that embedded RFID tags. The future of beauty! 
technology	Hahahha maybe hahah... But if I'm dead I wouldn't be ... — maybe heaven got technology. globalization. HAAJAAHAA... 
technology	The power of drones 
technology	Back to the land of technology+phone signal!#HappyHolidays 
technology	Bye Bye Isohunt. - IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m to the MPAA 
technology	Information Technology 
technology	trendmicro showing example or irresponsible disclosure 
technology	Shout out to Thanks for following! agile scrum technology 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Gitex Technology 2013 UAE 
technology	"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from something a hipster will use ironically in a coffee shop." 
technology	What is milage of car made on NaMo Technology?? 
technology	Discover the technology of Formula 1 - Part III 
technology	PlayStation4 > XboxOne - sp 
technology	Cash In On The Power of Mobile Technology 
technology	The German Academy for Renewable Energy & Environmental Technology offers seminars, workshops, conferences, & more! 
technology	Accenture Recruitment for Any Freshers 
technology	The future of glass technology! Future Videos 
technology	Car News: On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen - The Guardian 
technology	Job opening for Oracle BPM Consultant in Pune jobs seniormanagement | Apply Now 
technology	we feel sad for the families that lost there loved one but the government should know technology is changing things every day 
technology	15 Comic Book Villains That Deserve a Movie 
technology	you did mate. My phone wax a little slow catching up with the emails. Technology huh! 
technology	A Terrifying, Fascinating Timelapse of 30 Years of Human Impact on Earth - Emily Badger - The Atlantic Cities 
technology	Great article from Martin Rees on moral issues that could develop alongside technology wired2013 
technology	- Produced by Telestream Flip Technology nowplaying listenlive 
technology	Push for lift-off on drone deliveries in Australia via 
technology	The second biggest cleantech investor is an oil giant. cleanrevolution 
technology	Bachelor of Science in Computer Science with Specialization in Software Technology students of the 168th... 
technology	اكتب_أيش_تخصصك 
technology	Vast Corruption in Information Technology Contracts in Spotlight as CityTime Trial Begins in NYC -- 
technology	Technology Update is out! 
technology	BrilliantMove_Apple Hires Burberry Chief to Polish Image of Online Stores She worked magic at Burberry! marketing 
technology	Twitter to launch 'WhatsApp-like messenger service' - Telegraph 
technology	Adapting A Social Learning Strategy Framework For Education via 
technology	Rumor: Twitter wants to... 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny.'' 
technology	st definitely a asked sprain by the characteristic kind usable carriers satisfy style together with don t enjo... 
technology	Simple Copy and Paste jobs in Mumbai:   
technology	Apple beats Coca Cola as top brand apple cocacola brand value 
technology	How Open Source Technology brings performance in Microfinance it is on OpenCBS Blog 
technology	Instructional Technology Trainer II at University of St. Thomas (Houston, TX) 
technology	From: 
technology	Technology will be the death of us probably 
technology	Everyday someone comes up with a new strategy or tool or technology to increase our efficiency. 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny 😂😂 
technology	british people who hve pins need to get connected with new technology? 
technology	Polygon's investigation of the surveillance technology used by the real city of Chicago shows a truth uncomfortably… 
technology	New post: Todays Technology October 19, 2013 
technology	Blanca GTA Online: more glitches fixed and exploits closed - The Guardian 
technology	7 Signs Your School Needs A Technology Makeover … … edchat edtech edtechchat 
technology	Honoring Science, Technology and Innovation via 
technology	 Flying Kiss Is The first Wireless Technology Human Has Ever Invented. 
technology	But technology also makes me wanna lock myself in my room & talk to no one 
technology	Apple's iPad problem via 
technology	GUARDIAN business On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen: 'For short, emission-free journeys around town, this i... 
technology	Job opportunity: Administrative Assistant/ Expeditor at FORCE Technology - Oslo Area, Norway jobs 
technology	University team has AR See-Through System for safe driving (w/ Video) Latest Science & Technology News Stories 
technology	The Technology Entrepreneur is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Chemical Engineering jobs for National Institute of Technology... 
technology	The romantic allure of vinyl puts its digital descendants to shame.. technology 
technology	Technology BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall 
technology	“This weekend! FREE event for technology fans of all ages via ” > and this! 
technology	castAR: World’s First Real 3D Holographic Projection VR Glasses - 
technology	There were more advances in technology and civilization in the 21st century alone than all of human history 
technology	I'm at RayTechnology - 
technology	Oracle releases bumper security update for Java, fixes 51 security vulnerabilities 
technology	Sabre is on InformationWeek list of innovative US tech firms. Differentiate experience custom offers TTG2013 
technology	Long distance relationship sucks big 
technology	Lastly, Technology Writing a blog Ideas Which Are Easy, Fast And Simple blogbeastrap 
technology	CPX Session did not run for ZA01, consult JSEUpgrade 2MMDR JSE 
technology	mortgagecanada Water legislation trickles down to present day - Vancouver Sun: Vancouver SunW... canadamortgage 
technology	How the right technology enhances medical education via edchat edtech 
technology	Tixeo Introduces New Desktop Sharing Technology Offering ...: MONTPELLIER, France, Oct. 18, 2013 /PRNewswire/ ... 
technology	EE rapped over 'misleading' maps 
technology	Texan 'environmental science' Professor modifies a skip to be 'compost ready' before moving in....... 
technology	Optus to refund $9m to 235,000 customers 
technology	GITEX Technology Week 2013 opens tomorrow, Sunday October 20: Among the features appearing for the first time ... 
technology	How Illumina's Gene Sequencing Technology Could Transform Health Care Genomics ALS MND projectMinE 
technology	WARNING: Massive asteroid could strike and destroy earth on THIS date,claim worried astronomers: o: 
technology	Cutting-edge Nursing 
technology	Senior Network Engineer Enterprise IT: Al Futtaim Group - Dubai - Senior Network Engineer Ente... - Dubai Careers 
technology	How Illumina's Gene Sequencing Technology Could Transform Health Care - By pretty much any measure, biotechnology... 
technology	Guilty. 
technology	Technology makes learning fun - BT 
technology	Are Humans Merging With Technology?: via 
technology	David Pogue’s review of Windows 8.1 is full of delightful zingers. 
technology	technology news Angry Birds Go! - Kart racing game coming this year - Digit 
technology	Ship Tracking Hack Makes Tankers Vanish from View | MIT Technology Review 
technology	The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will… 
technology	Latest News on Durham drug testers invest £1million to create 80 jobs 
technology	Walkin For IT Helpdesk - PCS Technology Ltd. 
technology	idlenomore fracking cdnpoli environment 
technology	Which resources can you tap into when preparing for an ISO/IEC 27001 certification audit? | 
technology	GTA Online issues fixed with yet another update: The latest fix sho... technology gadgets 
technology	Technology magazine finally with the times! thetimes thetimes 
technology	See how far we've come. Kutoka huko days of sijui chilling at Kenya Cinema nini nini.. God bless technology. Heheh. 
technology	39351 Other Sydney unis: University of Sydney (t3p 2 longside zNSW), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie? 
technology	The Rise of the Coffee Machines 
technology	Tomorrow's Technology Today is out! 
technology	NO technology. It's the beautiful game leave it that way 
technology	Vector elements set of IT Technology infographics - Free Vector Art 
technology	Conductive ink next chapter in touch technology 
technology	thanks to this technology you can and you can see every single of his hair ya know 
technology	Slavery: A $32 bil. industry with 23.9 mil. employed - We marvel at our technology, wear clothes as a means of... 
technology	UFO Camera used to take pictures from the wedding I attened this afternoon! Great technology. St.… 
technology	Pamela Horton talks art, nudity and stereotypes  - NBC via 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology': Parents blame technology for their children... 
technology	Easy solution for all the entrepreneurs to promote new Products/Services over the market with the help of SMS Technology...! 
technology	in other news i want to to draw owls but i'm drawing typography technology things and i am bored with it 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny.” 
technology	BreakingNews The Founder and President of Limkokwing University Of Creative Technology made an instrumental... 
technology	ChangeDaFuture By Advanced Technology And No Pollution Required 
technology	Facebook CEO's sister to kids: Say no to technology 
technology	How mobile technology is transforming Africa - presentation 
technology	I can imagne a 21st cent pirate with an app for this BBC News - Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacking', experts warn 
technology	Shh! Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer - 
technology	GE is the exclusive distributor of technology CATALCALOR produced by the Costech International SpA. 
technology	tech niftynews 
technology	Why Use Local Computer Tech Support When Your Technology Breaks? 
technology	anyone been back to the moon? Technology in football is a shit idea. Keep it simple. 
technology	jobs IT Project Manager: The aggressively growing Midwest's leading consultative technology partner, Alexande... 
technology	The 4 Technology Trends That Could Bring Back U.S. Manufacturing (And Innovation) 
technology	Somehow light is far more exciting as a concept than radio 
technology	4 Good Visual Dictionaries for Teachers and Students ~ Educational Technology and Mobile Learning | 
technology	The perils of being 'the car guy' Technology News 
technology	What happens to an Ultrabook at minus 30 degrees? - ProudUsingIntel 
technology	Before and after PHOTOS: 
technology	Huawei Sees Resolution of U.S. Security Concern Taking a Decade - Bloomberg Technology 
technology	Al Gore tried to buy Twitter via 
technology	Open-Xchange wants you to dump closed source – and embrace security - good to see this in 
technology	London next week? 
technology	Researchers uncover holes that open power stations to hacking (Wired UK) | via 
technology	BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall technology 
technology	electronics technology tech TagsForLikes electronic device gadget gadgets instatech instagood geek te... 
technology	Due to the miracles of modern technology, I don't have a scooby doo what my park run time is today. Come on text message - give me good news 
technology	Women in Technology Salon in the DevZone at Dreamforce 2013 
technology	Resonant Research - Resonant Research - Provides qualitative strategic marketing... 
technology	Read More....... 
technology	Cheat Sheets for Your Walk in the Woods 
technology	FAR OUT. US Navy's new Super Duper Warship runs on Linux... 
technology	Do you agree? "Apple's and Burberry: They are expensive, beautifully designed - and quickly obsolete." 
technology	Google-backed BitTorrent client spread malware to Windows PCs and Android devices via 
technology	Vote: 
technology	its simple viber isn't trackable by the government coz they are using VOIP technology that's y they keep promoting "spying" idea 
technology	Popular US girl name fads since 1960, visualised: (via 
technology	Pipes v platform thinking. Here's why startups with the best technology often fail. 
technology	BBC News - LED light bulb 'li-fi' closer, say Chinese scientists lifi China Science 
technology	Telegraph: Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' 
technology	Anythings possible Pets...I thought 3D TV was the new BetaCassette"HD DVDs the modernday Beta.Dead Technology 
technology	What ra, full technology only my mom is. I am unable to answer her doubts  
technology	Fifa must introduce 1 more technology. goal-line technology is not enough. Should have goal-net technology also. ghostgoal. 
technology	IMPEX Technologies Gets the Advanced Unified Computing Technology Specialization from Cisco in USA csco cisco 
technology	FCC nominee to dump AT&T, Verizon holdings - The Hill's Hillicon Valley PJNET 
technology	US Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux: via 
technology	Obamacare woes widen as insurers get wrong data and experts say website built on ten-year-old technology will need… 
technology	Omg, technology 2 <3 
technology	Interesting analysis of challenges faced by Angela Ahrendts in bringing Apple Retail up to date 
technology	If I had it my way all TV shows wud be documentaries abt Space or Technology 
technology	Father threatened with jail over website... Technology Website 
technology	Adidas smartwatch has pulse sensor 
technology	I can't stand how slow my parents are with technology. It's infuriating. 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express India News 
technology	SETI now has the technology to go snooping for extraterrestrials in our own backyard. No, not as clo 
technology	Hunting for malware with Undocumented Instructions | 
technology	A technology nightmare – revenge porn - By Michael... 
technology	Google helps Indian find home 26 years later - Rappler 
technology	For Shoppers, Next Level of Instant Gratification 
technology	socialmedia: 16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume: It's not just th... technology rt ad 
technology	Adidas smartwatch has pulse sensor gadgets 
technology	Twitter - changing minds & memes, overcoming ignorance World Consciousness Austerity Poverty Humanism ClimateChange Technology 
technology	Venture Technologies shows off mobile cloud at technology fair via 
technology	Price dropped on the occasion... 
technology	MT Been at Tencent - 3rd largest internet company in world, but who in UK has heard of it? I have: 
technology	L.A. Students Hacked Their School-Provided iPads Right Away. That’s Fantastic. 
technology	Registered for next semester... bout to be studying Fire Technology/EMT 
technology	lool technology & cute things are what keep me happy. 
technology	I hate technology so much </3 
technology	that's a BRA! or some form of BRASHIRT TECHNOLOGY skynet 
technology	Gatwick Airport to install cloud-based comms featured ITTrans 
technology	space books astronomy 
technology	and what with Agents of Shield, the technology to do it is being available 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The Earl tablet could become your best friend in t... 
technology	Six reasons why LinkedIn is still the hottest social network for entrepreneurs 
technology	AuTechNews: Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (Cnet) 
technology	AWRSUM!: LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	QMC Business: Poor product, poor review - 
technology	Nice stage good technology and the lots of crowd but who is the finace rof this hightech rally nearly costed to to 4crore ?#NaMoInKanpur 
technology	Retailers that lead in technology adoption lead in financial performance than competition 
technology	North Korea has about $6 TRILLION worth in mineral + rare Earth metal reserves, but cannot be mined because NK lacks the technology to do so 
technology	Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer - The Guardian via Tom Tolkien 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' fb 
technology	"Did you use sudo?" 
technology	Still Hot -- or Not? Technology Firms Face Faster Product Cycles prodmgmt 
technology	Interview via whatsapp? Technology is really somethg, huh? Hahaha :p 
technology	SATURDAY NIGHT AT ×××ICON 10333 Technology Blvd E Dallas TX 75220××× 
technology	Hell Freezes Over: Google to Sell Facebook Ads themesh technology 
technology	Acer Launches Iconia W4 Windows 8.1 Tablet: Acer has brought in its new tablet, the Iconia W4 tablet, an... tech 
technology	Technology Seems To Kll Real Conversations.; 
technology	new technology 
technology	Internet & technology took over my generaton- 
technology	ICICI "Fraud" Bank - Do not ever bank with ICICI Bank - with their wonderful technology they might be the only bank 
technology	Shaun White preps for Olympics with new technology - Wisconsin Rapids Tribune - Shaun White preps for... 
technology	but couldn't we feasibly use that same technology to shoot food to hungry people? 
technology	Cooler. "A Wondrous GIF Shows the Most Popular Baby Names for Girls Since 1960" - Rebecca J. Rosen - The Atlantic 
technology	More worshippers tap into the latest technology 
technology	Interesting article on how advances in technology are increasingly blurring the divide between work and home 
technology	Elon Musk will convert his new James Bond car into a real submarine via 
technology	Fooking technology 
technology	my degree like 1000 plus so they recommend the cheaper one. Older technology but safer cus cut lesser of the cornea. 2833! 
technology	"A 400-metre asteroid is threatening to blow up the Earth." Eek! 
technology	System Administrators, Call Center Agents in a Leading and Established Information Communication and Technology Services Company 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Philippe Aresten's Electric Motion 5.7 trials bike... 
technology	Monitors have gotten really good at avoiding flickering, screen tearing, lag and other graphics glitches, but ... 
technology	American Chronicle | Please lord, don´t let the album die music album concept art future digital technology 
technology	Thank you lord for this grace!!! 
technology	"I Believe Obama is a shape shifting Alien, but because of their technology we will never know", How is this a diff statement? 
technology	_57443 Othr Sydney unis: University of Sydney (top 2 alongside UNmW), University of Technology Sydney aqd Macquarie 
technology	DIT Architectural Technology students undertook a systematic analysis of 11 of Peter Rice’s best-known projects 
technology	Lightning, Augmented Reality, tablets: 3 reasons to take a Microsoft-owned Nokia seriously 
technology	YES. No.1 rage creator. 
technology	One last time !! Mukesh Patel School of Technology Management & Engineering) 
technology	7pm 'Collecting Art in the Age of Digital Technology' 
technology	i love technology. playing through my apple tv via my iPhone and listening through our new sound bar... 
technology	What HOTSPOT ? 
technology	What can technology learn from fashion? 
technology	- its a new world for those of us who grew up with typewriters & pencils. We're embracing technology dinosaurs giveusabreak 
technology	Social media hot topic at SCCE conference CorpGov 
technology	technology does allow you to have more than one persons on a phone convo justsaying 
technology	Technology Microsoft Makes Xbox 'Games With Gold' a Permanent Perk - PC Magazine: GameSpotMicrosoft Makes Xbo... 
technology	APS - Particle Technology - AstraZeneca: ( MacclesfieldCheshire ) Pharmaceutical Astrazeneca Job Jobs 
technology	The developer's guide to future car technology via 
technology	Koken Boring Machine - Products: Manufacturing and Sales of Drilling and Grouting... 
technology	yes, they'll benefit as it walks through the risks in a technology agnostic fashion, it's the mitigation that are .NET 
technology	Innovation and creativeness of technology. 
technology	Incorporating the latest International standard technology & equipments 
technology	That is the beauty of technology. it will exist if it's saved. RT nw swatcats. Cant believe this cartoon is still alive 
technology	Google shares top $1,000 sell now lads 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts SahelNews 
technology	geek 
technology	NASA Invests In Satellites That Beam Power Down to Earth 
technology	Through technology small business can act big 
technology	Friends book/technology play, very cool - I helped with tech on this one :D via 
technology	CFP SCITEED 2014 : International Congress & Exhibition on Current Trends on Science Technology Education (SCITEED) 
technology	Super Fun Educational Opportunity Program for Kids and Teens in Science, Technology & Robotics 
technology	Angela Ahrendts to Apple: what can technology learn from fashion? 
technology	Hi surely real issue is a generation with a narrow breadth of cultural understanding? Digital technology makes big small. 
technology	I worked at a... 
technology	[New logistics] Welcome to the drone’s world: want a pizza or need anything else? Call a drone. 
technology	Iran achieves Laser Weapon System's deflection technology. … 
technology	.Net Developer Houston Jobs 
technology	DuPont Canada, Newalta Corporation sign innovative water processing technology agreement | 
technology	Computer/Web Jobs $ TOP SECRET Web Developer at General Dynamics Information Technology (Washington, DC) 
technology	GITEX Technology Week 2013 opens tomorrow, Sunday October 20 - Zawya, security 
technology	LED light bulb 'li-fi' closer, say Chinese scientists - BBC News via Tom Tolkien 
technology	Hard workers of creative industries aren't exploited by big companies like Disney, etc. (!) 
technology	Director, Technology (Client Engagement) - Fannie Mae - Washington, DC: more major functions and/or programs ... 
technology	Spiders to blame for Toyota recall? - Houston Chronicle Technology 
technology	Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because Of Spiders 
technology	Industrial Electronic Technology - Check out CCNN's program to become a Technician at 
technology	fashion haute Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express 
technology	Old people + technology = funny 
technology	SOlution and technology are available technical architecture is th ebusiness issue to solve business problem are already an issue. 
technology	Accenture Technology Vision 2013 - Every Business Is a Digital Business 
technology	Mobile Technology News is out! 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny. 
technology	Despite technology, real estate remains a local game - real-estate 
technology	Welcome to Upcoming Li-Fi Technology..  
technology	UK Companies Urged To Exploit High Growth Forecasts & Embrace Digital Technology 
technology	Maintenance IT Technician – relocation to Dubai: Dubai - We are recruiting for a fast growing ... - Dubai Careers 
technology	Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use There's a surprise. 
technology	I'm at Zewail City of Science and Technology - (6th of October, 11) 
technology	Introduction to Music Technology & Production. 10 weeks ONLY £250. next course starts 15/1/14 email 
technology	jobs4u jobs Chief Technology Officer (Research & Development Officer), [Houston, TX] researchdevelopment 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: About your smartphone screen display 
technology	CEOs look toward disruptive technology more than CMOs 
technology	MalaBhargava on a recording app, an addictive game, and a new browser feature 
technology	Four Major Ways Innovation Has C electronics 
technology	Did we learn nothing from Superman III ? 
technology	Our technology has come a long way Saw a 94 BMW 4 sale with a built in car phone. A Car Phone! That was the shit in 94. Now it's illegal. 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen 
technology	UK supermarket chain lets you 3-D scan and print yourself in ceramic 
technology	If BuiltWithAF1Engine I would diassemble myself and see the amazing technology . LikeAJunkie 
technology	Neat. displays map of Flickr uploads around the world. 
technology	Cardiff Eventtech Startup, Event Rater shortlisted 'Best New Event Tech Startup', Event Technology Awards! 
technology	Andy Stirling staying with the debate & commenters over implications of power in science and technology 
technology	haha, see how technology works! lmao 
technology	Wow! What A Treasure Trove Of Infographics | Larry Ferlazzo’s Websites of the Day… | 
technology	Classroom technology: Grand Rapids school board talks future student, staff... GrandRapids 
technology	begins today, our free workshop for 15-25 yrs, led by BridA. See how technology & science can make art 
technology	Dammit! ISOHUNT shut down by da man. Not impressed! 
technology	IsoHunt, a major ... 
technology	Amazon begins shipping Kindle Fire HDX ahead of Apple iPad event 
technology	Dental Technology 
technology	Are We Alone? - Ross Andersen - The Atlantic 
technology	IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	Interested in technology? Head over to Queens Building floor 1, room 1.12 for welcome talk by Prof Andy Collop at 10am dmuopenday 
technology	TechNews: Times of India 2013 Art Competition Winners – Vydehi School (locanto) 
technology	I liked a video Invasion: The Real-World Technology of Watch Dogs 
technology	Hackers target SIM cards | via 
technology	The underlying hashing power (mining) is now moved to 28nm chip fabrication technology. Moore's Law, at the core of bitcoin 
technology	Facebook Eases Privacy Rules for Teenagers (this really isn't a smart move) 
technology	not entifada and more dead you need to fight with the gun and technology 
technology	reading: Scot Osterweil on Games, Education, and a Better Future | MIT Technology Review 
technology	GTA Online: more glitches fixed and exploits closed 
technology	but of course, i still have time to tweet! 😝 
technology	Smartwatch will be a complete fail for now due to limitation of technology. 
technology	Check out this great report from the Hope Technology Ltd XC Series at Lee Quarry! 
technology	See our latest NDT solutions in Hall C, booth 3004 at Offshore Technology Days 2013 in Stravanger, Norway 10/22-10/24 
technology	Iran achieves Laser Weapon System’s deflection technology - Trend.Az 
technology	Entirely misleading. MT Massive asteroid could strike and destroy earth...claim worried astronomers: 
technology	Apple and Technology Review is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	The Learning Technology Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Tech LG JO Amman 
technology	Job opening for Novell Software Professional in Bangalore / Bengaluru jobs seniormanagement | Apply Now 
technology	Fascinating profile > John McAfee: Addict, coder, runaway 
technology	Mark Zuckerberg's Sister Writes Children's Book About Going Offline 
technology	Teaching with Technology: via 
technology	Future of Tech May Be Determined by Millennial Malaise, Female Fans and Affluent Data Altruists - awfulalliteration 
technology	Permanent science gap left by U.S. government shutdown 
technology	Mobile Mobileworkforce 
technology	Retailers that lead in technology adoption lead in financial performance vs. competition retail technology 
technology	Monthly Earnings: $ 164.03 
technology	4: LG EuroStyle Laundry Pair with WaveForce Technology (with ELECTRIC Dryer) WT1201CW DLEY1201W in Cl... - gift 
technology	NaMoInKanpur Information Technology: NEW ELECTRIC SCOOTER LAUNCHES BY EVOLVE : SCOOTER ... 
technology	Shaun White preps for Olympics with new technology 
technology	Apple increasing iPhone 5S production by 75% 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release...but will it be an improvement?? 
technology	"A 400-metre asteroid is threatening to blow up the Earth. :>You can get cream for them in Boots 
technology	Like, think how much technology has come on in 100 years, in 2000 years time it'll be unbelievable!!!! getmethere 
technology	Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because of Spiders - 
technology	Nvidia G-Sync: the end of screen-tear in PC gaming: Nvidia has revealed new technology that eliminates screen-... 
technology	Could goal line technology help in these cases or can it currently only pick up if the ball is close to the line? 
technology	Even with all this modern technology, a 128 character limit was really inhibiting his ability to fully express himself. shortstory 
technology	100 Women: Why tech needs a makeover to attract girls 
technology	technology jobs Director, Technology (Client Engagement) - Fannie Mae - Washington, DC 
technology	Keen On… Clive Thompson: Could Technology Really Be Making Us Smarter? 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Porsche unveils the new Panamera S E-Hybrid 
technology	how can it be the entirety of my family don't understand that when I have earphones in I can't hear yet my technology illiterate nan does 
technology	Does inertia cause friction? 
technology	Polymer Engineering and Technology 
technology	People calling for NHL style examination when we just don't have the technology. It's the EIHL not Brendan Shanahan and co. 
technology	Awu Technology madoda RT Choki_D: Your friend RT “Bad friend --> Pussy! "Choki_D: No drinking for me thanx."” 
technology	ScabbyGadgets - Business Technology is out! 
technology	The technology-news Daily is out! 
technology	Billionaire Musk vows to turn 007's Lotus Esprit into actual submarine car - Register Technology 
technology	Gartner's top 10 strategic tech trends for 2014 bpulse tech 
technology	FA need to employ technology and competent officials then Paul Ince would not be sitting out his teams next five games! 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Rendering of the CORBYS platform – the leg orthosi... 
technology	We've got a healthy supply of tea and coffee in the Queens Building - pop by for a cuppa before the Technology welcome talk starts at 10am! 
technology	Will the Samsung Galaxy S5 feature eye scanning technology as part of its security system? 
technology	Technology in Education is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	So is "he's getting the Dyson treatment" about to enter the vernacular? >> patents silent hair dryer 
technology	New Denver IT Jobs > Business Systems Consultant 5: Wholesale Technology Services A successful team member in ... 
technology	Optimus Participates At GITEX Technology Week 2013 
technology	Why Kenyan farmers want to sow with M-Pesa | IT News Africa- Africa's Technology News Leader 
technology	Heather Corcoran of chairs ICAoffsite talk on how the digital world has impacted on the art market, 12.30pm 
technology	Forbes-Technology: New Obamacare Numbers - Success Or Failure? . More Obama news - 
technology	10 massive tech trends that will hit us by 2020 | memeburn via technology digital 
technology	5 Apps That Can Improve Your Writing Skills 
technology	Information technology. 
technology	TheFinancialExpress: Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology: Apple is the first company that took high... 
technology	Thank you for giving me +K about Technology! 
technology	Apple hopes for quick start on new campus to meet 2016 deadline 
technology	Honoring Science, Technology and Innovation 
technology	,95032 Other Sydney unis: Uni'ersity of Sydney (top 2 longside 1NSW), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie 
technology	Catch our simulated surgery + the latest in haptic technology at The Place today (2-5 pm, free) in Bloomsbury Festival. 
technology	4: LG EuroStyle Laundry Pair with WaveForce Technology (with ELECTRIC Dryer) WT1201CW DLEY1201W in Classic Wh... 
technology	Biostar Reveals Hi-Fi B85S3+ Motherboard 
technology	another reason why FIFA should bring in the technology! 
technology	G-Synch, NVIDIA's New Technology for Gaming Monitors. Never suffer from glitchy monitor images again RT 
technology	ArielFund HospiraInc 
technology	Biofuel Discovery can Solve World Energy Crisis | via 
technology	How Rwanda's Information Technology Revolution Is Pushing the Country Forward - Rwanda RWoT 
technology	MIVOR 
technology	Blaster Technology 
technology	Huawei issues definitive statement abt espionage fears: 'we've never been asked to provide access to our technology' 
technology	Oxford Business Group to partner with the GITEX Technology Week in Dubai 
technology	The 21st Century Entrepreneur, Leverage on Technology Or Go... 
technology	Middle East's much awaited GITEX Technology Week opens tomorrow Dubai 
technology	$AAPL Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology: 
technology	Technology is against us! Execution will appear at some point in the future. 
technology	Newly completed Agro-Technology Park opens to public and other stories on NEWS OF THE DAY brunei 
technology	Cutting edge child-minding technology at a blink of the cost :: leannesuttoncrowe's photo 
technology	Interactive Visualization of Big Data | Intel Science & Technology ... | 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - Technology 
technology	Rwanda is determined to achieve rapid economic development through information technology,Min.#Louise_Mushikiwabo has said. 
technology	Good Paying Technology Survey Panel to Join : Axis Paid Surveys :... 
technology	34302 Other Sydney uns: Universit7 of Sydney (top 2 alongside UNSu), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie: 
technology	Yea. Lalo na yung lolo na naka-IP4s. Lmao. Old People + Technology = Funny." 
technology	The wireless technology has been improved. Would you be interested in getting one? See 
technology	Steve Wynn: U. Iowa on Path Toward Blindness Cure - ABC News 
technology	World of Warcraft: 'Hearthstone began as the best card game we could make' - 
technology	Another great IP to boost a startup? Hydraulic actuator control - to disrupt sluggish industries :D inventorthon 
technology	Yeah! True! RT Old People + Technology = Funny. 
technology	SAPVoice: Blurredlines: Are some of the world's biggest brands turning into technology companies? 
technology	Future of Technology May Be Determined by Millennial Malaise, Female Fans and Affluent Data Altruists 
technology	Ten minutes to go before 1140conf jerseyconf starts. Look at the technology I have to play with. geek 
technology	ABERDEEN'S UNDERSEA TECHNOLOGY NOW MAKING MILE UNDER DRILLING POSSIBLE -#Money Offshore Markets Finance Tax Banking Investment News 
technology	Hackers target SIM cards 
technology	Guys, you're not a man if you hit girl's you're a coward, Rememberthat#JahanzaibPTI _ZKhan_ Technology Sheesha Soc 
technology	law Gitex 2013 opens October 20th with more than 3500 suppliers from 61 countries” Dubai tech technology 
technology	How to Spy on Whatsapp Easily: WhatsApp is the ‘it’ term of teens these days, even if you don… 
technology	The Navy's newest warship is powered by Linux "floating data center with missiles and robot guns" 
technology	MIT Technology Review wrote: ”Your professional reputation has come into focus in every corner of your business and work-life.” So true. 
technology	Verizon 3Q profit soars as number of devices grows - By BREE FOWLERAP Technology Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Verizon's... 
technology	Senior Business Consultant- IT: United Arab Emirates - Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh - 1 To ide... - Dubai Careers 
technology	Club football is back today, but here's why you're unlikely to get Wi-Fi at your team's ground 
technology	Dress Rehearsal Schedule to be followed - End of Trade Reporting now JSEUpgrade 2MMDR JSE 
technology	What do you like to do on the weekends? — Learn bout the beauty of Technology! :D 
technology	[IT News] The perils of being 'the car guy' Technology 
technology	Li-Fi Turns Every Lightbulb Into an Ultra-Fast Wireless Network via Technology 
technology	Travel industry seeks agents, technology to speed US entry process - Orlando Sentinel (blog) newslocker 
technology	Kingly Media Packaging Co.,Limited - Kingly Media Packaging... 
technology	Two items I really desire working togther. Watch Somebody Pilot A Drone With Google Glass via 
technology	I'm not good with technology, can ya tell? Ha. Ill ask my fella think he's got it ha xx" blonde xxx 
technology	A Butterfly Farm - Shanghai Youqu Information Technology Inc.,Ltd: 
technology	I think 'Flying kiss' is the first wireless technology human has ever invented.,. 
technology	Snowden 
technology	This speaks for... 
technology	Bernardo Bertolucc 
technology	Nxt yr I am thinking of changing my bike to honda rcv 1000!! Moto gp technology! 
technology	I work in China & they use British technology, workers to drive forward Oil & Gas sector? should open his eyes 
technology	*Tablet & Smartphone Users Increase Demand for Portable Solar Energy 
technology	Win an Innotab3 from at OneSmileyMonkey.com win giveaway technology 
technology	Sigh, need more radical filesharing breakthroughs - 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: World's attention – especially for mobile technolo... 
technology	Google owned DoubleClick has announced to work together with Facebook for the clients benefit. Wow! - 
technology	Technology replacing staff with ticket machines & staff at supermarket checkouts. Yet still the migrants head to UK. For what? 
technology	Mobile phone addiction ruining relationships via 
technology	Stockholm's homeless now accept donations - by debit card | Technology | 
technology	Make your dwellings look attractive and stunning with the help of improved modern technology of pavi 
technology	Going to Dublin websummit? Technology Law expert Philip Nolan will be there speaking on Privacy and Data Protection. 
technology	nobody in my house is allowed to touch itunes bc they are all bad with technology and would probably delete everything 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The MacBook Wood Keyboard is compatible with all U... 
technology	Air Marshal Arrested for Taking Photos up Women&#039;s Skirts: An air marshal has been charged with disorderly.. 
technology	canon update news technique technology shothunters yaseralsiksik photographer tricks girl… 
technology	Blazing a new trail with Transformer Book T100 - The Star Online technology 
technology	16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume SMM technology 
technology	RubyOnRails Looking for a Ruby on Rails expert by sandeepbathina: *Dear All, We are a technology star... Job 
technology	I liked a video Technology Is A Foe 
technology	In tech news: Advances In Cinema Tech Overcoming a Strange Racial Divide (Slashdot) 
technology	The fast… 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux - 
technology	The the potted meat of technology. 
technology	the oda day 1 of 'em said goal line technology will help stop diving in football 
technology	Lizard brain ppl at MPAA get their way again. Bastards | BBC News - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	Our brand new SeaRay 250 SLX with Quiet Ride Technology. 
technology	I felt nothing for 3 hours coz all I wanted to rip him out of my laptop screen but technology sucks big time xD 
technology	Have a go at Morse code & Atari computers at the Technology Exhibition Old and New this MCRWeekend 
technology	Anyone think technology is changing language? My daughter has just "scrolled" through her pencil case but can't find the pen she wants..! 
technology	Marketing connects an organization with its audience and now technology is the conduit 
technology	I spend so long waiting for technology to work hate it 
technology	The Web Cookie Is Dying. Here's The Technology That Comes Next lo de AdStack mola mucho 
technology	Subscribe to our Monday Export Focus Email and get useful advice,tips & information every Monday 
technology	MzTeachuh: This and That Tweets of the Day 10/19/13 | 
technology	Ex-school worker admits sex with 14-year old girl: A former high school district technology worker in Portsmouth,... 
technology	Gartner: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 
technology	Local IP discovery with HTML5 WebRTC: Security ... | via 
technology	Cheaters love the new iPhone technology | Science & Tech | News | Daily Express 
technology	vamos hayaa homework subject i can maths inglish language biology technology physics and… 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux: When the USS Zumwalt (DDG 1000) puts to sea later thi... LinuxNov 
technology	The Nonprofit Technology Network – Get Your Org in Check with Tech via 
technology	Advanced American slut technology 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Gitex Technology 2013: Adding to this competitive spirit is the... 
technology	MT Teaching English Online; a Teacher's Perspective: "Technology can definitely facilitate learning." 
technology	Yeah! My phone save me ... God bless technology. 
technology	Asteroid to blow up the earth in 2032, most probably not in my life time 
technology	New job: Recruitment Consultant - Technology - Reading Location: Reading .. semiconductorjobs 
technology	Partial blockade of Mercier Bridge ends 
technology	"Space-Born Jellyfish Hate Life On Earth" 
technology	Numb your brain with these super interesting science facts about animals, inventors and Mother Nature! hz 
technology	"Nike Ajax: How the first surface-to-air missile changed warfare forever" good read 
technology	Apple’s assertions in June that iMessage was secure were ‘basically just lies’, claim Qualcast - 
technology	Apple stores await Ahrendts touch as outlets struggle with growing demand via 
technology	Kill Your Meeting Room — The Future's in Walking and Talking | Wired Opinion | walkntalk 
technology	Multi-layer extrusion technology causing a stir at K'2013. Much interest during the first 3 days. 
technology	I'm not good with technology, can ya tell? Ha. Ill ask my fella think he's got it ha xx 
technology	BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall tech technology 
technology	via 
technology	Hi Here's my take on design thinking in a technology driven context. You may like to take a look 
technology	Sony A65 24.3 MP Digital SLR with Translucent Mirror Technology - Body Only photo deals 
technology	UK Companies Urged To Exploit High Growth Forecasts & Embrace Digital Technology biztips startups 
technology	Lol! Just go to their store and get it done. Phone pe woh kya karega? Technology hasn't reached there yet! I Nu me  
technology	Live updates from Community Networking Event - Leveraging Technology for SMEs 
technology	News India : Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express: Indian ExpressApple Inc: Where h... 
technology	Oxygen analyser guarantees quality and safety: The DF-150E’s non-depleting technology enables the O2 sensor to... 
technology	sorry i was wrong find d right figures in d link 
technology	Very short + gr8 read: How girls hold themselves back from Computer Science 
technology	Mobility and Cloud take centre stage if you believe in this study. I do. 
technology	LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China geniusidea 
technology	New Job!: RBB Technology - AVP - Audio Visual Engineer 
technology	Technology and luxury goods: Catwalk credentials - - 
technology	Great Ideas For Successfully Running A Blog That Caters To Technology blogbeastrap beastmoderap 
technology	"We are Engineers!" Tokyo, Osaka, Sendai 2013.10.26 
technology	DNA Sequence Withheld From New Botulism Paper 
technology	Weekend light read - 50 popular technology quotes 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Samsung Challenges the iPad Mini and Nexus 7 
technology	Technodhuniah :Information Technology: The touchscreen menu on the Metz 52 AF-1 rotates 9... 
technology	WebScrapingUK 
technology	Interesting informations for technology, brand, fashion, designer, models, media, beauty, life 
technology	we're all technology's slave 
technology	Akhilesh decorates UP with technology ahead of Modi's Kanpur rally News 
technology	Director, Information Technology And Telecommunications job in Fresno, CA at Madera Community Hospital director 
technology	Assistant Lecturer - Assistant Lecturer in the field of Food Technology and Human Nutrition, biotechnology Descrip... 
technology	Living without technology seems better 
technology	Nike Fuelband - will you exercise more? 
technology	Early humans responsible for ancient carnivore wipe-out in Africa, not climate change 
technology	Dead loved ones' voices fall victim to technology 
technology	Data transmission using LED lighting? Now 'li-fi' is a step closer, says China 
technology	Bill Gates predicts people will switch from Apple and Android tablets to PC tablets. 
technology	Tags:: Cast: WSBA Tags:Dennis McMahon: Test Equipment for Medical Technology htm 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food 😍😌 
technology	300 ways to learn code for the next generation of techies out there! edtech elearning technology 
technology	C24 Technology Times is out! 
technology	This Is the World on Flickr 
technology	What the Google Nexus 5 will offer for touchless control of your smartphone by Craig Buck | Inside Technology 360 
technology	US & UK Gym Owners/Directors- Here are our FAV Free & Low-Cost Tools to help you run your prgm via 
technology	Sutor Technology receives high tech enterprise status and preferred ... - 
technology	A sad day. Another fallen soldier. RIP ISOhunt Major piracy site to be shut down 
technology	Tickets-Invitations are ready.. Next week, Berlin , WebrazziConnect , Technology Summit! 
technology	Technology got the best of him.. via 
technology	We will fight against a world where freedom enemies can insult our technology and sense of trust VoteForTommy 
technology	The CEO of the technology company should be some one in his 30's as the older generation seems to have lost their touch with ground reality 
technology	The Daily Technology News is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	On my way to Central Hall, Westminster to tweet about the technology at the european conference LeWebLondon leweblondon leweb 
technology	Are Humans Merging With Technology? 
technology	Too technology around me right now 
technology	Will Facebook change lead to an erosion of privacy rights for teens? - PBS NewsHour | 
technology	So the Tesco tablet is pretty good ... but the Argos tablet isn't > The Guardian 
technology	No goal line technology is infalible. Not even the simple ones, Mr Brodie. 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology 
technology	Among India's Rural Poor Farming Community, Technology Is the Great Equalizer 
technology	But 
technology	*Chines scientists invented LiFi technology strong alternative to WiFi. 
technology	Just like the movie "Back to the Future" - same year too! Retail of world's first flying car announced 
technology	Room 310, displaying the SGR Audio CX3B's & Signature HiFi Rack and MSB Technology Corporation Analog DAC 
technology	Cloud cloudcomputing saas 
technology	Four Major Ways Modern technology technology 
technology	Can computers be as efficient as brain on energy efficiency? Step 1? 
technology	Planning and Performance Manager - Change and Technology - United Kingdom 
technology	thunderstorms ... Built with state of the art technology BuiltWithAF1Engine 
technology	GOAL-LINE TECHNOLOGY IS THE BEST...ENOUGH OF ALL THESE ERRORS... 
technology	the joys of technology 
technology	I'm so mad I didn't even get to save it. I hate technology so much sometimes. 
technology	Google Stock Crosses $1000 Mark After Earnings - ABC News 
technology	The major engines are working to improve technology to crawl the web more deeply and return better results to users. 
technology	Sending tunes and films down under to Matty through Dropbox, mind-blowing stuff Technology 
technology	With Mr.Halgart Du Preez (Dental Technology Senior Lecturer) DNA Kingston Training.Short course as a… [pic] — 
technology	Looking to launch a career in technology? Attend the Microsoft Insights event online on 10/29! Register for free: 
technology	The worst use of GPRS technology with two nights back... Proves that as long as man is operating, even technology can't help 
technology	.Numb your brain with these super interesting science facts about animals, inventors and Mother Nature! 
technology	:D RT i love technology. but its turning out to b one sided love. technology is not loving me back. especially these new softwares 
technology	I love the whole keep fit with you phone technology stuff. Fitly taps the 5s nicely with gamification 
technology	!I understand technology evolves. But some inventions are unnecessary. I have no use for a phone with a curved screen. 
technology	Shocking results in Google search 
technology	New Moodle Book: Moodle for Mobile Learning via 
technology	ALEXccastillo/technology Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Microsoft announced that the Windows 8 Blue update... 
technology	Information Technology Event: October IT Maintenance Weekend: Sat, Oct. 19th 2013 - 08:00am to 06:00pm 
technology	Torrent directory site isohunt to be shut down Piracy Torrents isohunt 
technology	With technology, school can be a state of mind or time of day. Doesn't have to be just a building. 
technology	Inspiring women in science and technology Kew colleague featured in slide 7 
technology	I , love how I cn use my phone as a remote to switch the channel! Technology is so cool 
technology	hahaha...yes yes...technology has changed us... 
technology	I was just shopping for Turkish silk scarfs via facetime with my mom. I love technology & I love getting fun gifts from people on vacation. 
technology	PowerOfACommonMan To follow tradition and culture, yet be full of new gadgets and technology. That's the innovation. 
technology	kindda nervous and excited for gitex technology week which will start on 20/10/13... it's going to be one heck of a busy-chaotic week! 
technology	Did you know that businesses that blog get 55% more site traffic? socialmedia marketing blogging technology 
technology	The Best Technology Tips and Newest Technology Updates Online! 
technology	Phantastic! Video: Asda 3D printer builds mini versions of people via 
technology	Reports of Bitcoin’s Death Have Been Greatly Exaggerated via 
technology	Report: Microsoft Office continues to dominate the productivity software race technology 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food 
technology	Look what just arrived !! 
technology	Information Technology IT Manager job in Charlotte, NC basic 
technology	Love that the is trying to explain what snapchat is here 
technology	Google Hangouts for iOS can call US & Canada for free, receive Google Voice calls reddit 
technology	For a sucessful technology, honesty must take precedence over public relations for nature cannot be fooled. 
technology	Construction Today – September-October 2013: 
technology	Free Technology for Teachers: How to Create a Linked Series of YouTube Videos see more 
technology	iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2: what to expect when they are launched by Apple 
technology	Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacking', experts warn battleships 
technology	via Morpho awarded $10 million contract to develop baggage screening technology 
technology	A Simple Suggestion to Help Phase Out All-Male Panels at Tech Conferences 
technology	Packaging Daily by:The Hang Tab is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Cloud Dynamics Granted Patent for Revolutionary ecoDC Technology: “the future of cloud technology lies in high... 
technology	neither Pakistani make action movies nor romantic coz they hv no technology no talent no resources poor pak Waar 
technology	US power plants 'vulnerable to hacking' hacking cybercrime infosec security cyberattack united_states USA 
technology	Peanutgirly - Technology | 
technology	Indian Express... 
technology	Cloud Print - Making Printing More Convenient Using Cloud Technology 
technology	15 Learning Tools You Never Knew Existed: The world of educational technology is moving in… 
technology	Fewer, bigger games are bad for gaming ecosystem 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' 
technology	The whole "well they're poor so we shouldn't pay them to do dangerous I will not be impressed with technology until its 
technology	Are We Alone? The search for life among the stars fivebillionyearsofsolitude leebillings exoplanetology 
technology	forex trading hours 
technology	Gadgetronicx: CRYONICS:TECHNOLOGY TO AWAKEN THE DEAD 
technology	Dietkart Blog: How Treadmills are the greatest gift of technology? via 
technology	:Old people & technology. 
technology	LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	We pride ourselves on staying in touch with the latest product developments and technology: 
technology	4 providence advanced in life corporate strategies - hold together beadroll buying power. Technology 1: .Zxi 
technology	Richard Hooper on the drivers and plans for a copyright hub - CDEC working to help him! via 
technology	If you love your music and technology; you will love this article: 
technology	it feels like gitex technology week has started already! 😑 busier than ever! 😤 
technology	Next video is going to be answering your questions about anything to do with me or technology 
technology	Latin - Education Minister leads education and technology mission to Brazil - The Minister for Education and… 
technology	Abi Long distance relationship sucks big time.. Technology shud come to our rescue. Like invent flying pussy or so.." 
technology	Real justice, love, technology only possible after 1% arrests for OBVIOUS Crimes 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The 2013 Philips DesignLine TV is designed to lean... 
technology	Starting at the bottom with technology and trying to get the competing devices in the classroom is teaching me patience and aggressiveness! 
technology	How can I play iPhone videos on my TV? - A USB cable just won't cut it, says Rick Maybury.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
technology	Technology To Replace Cookies By Microsoft via 
technology	Try this: 
technology	The PowerOfACommonMan now lies in technology! NetworksThatWork contest SuperTechies 
technology	Scott Case (Startup America, Priceline) Defining Success 
technology	fashion haute High fashion in the tech world - Independent Online 
technology	In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes. 
technology	How sharing everything can cost you more than its worth! Facebook: how criminals can exploit your data privacy 
technology	I guess we all have 19 years to get our affairs in order "400-metre asteroid sighted may 'blow up the earth' in 2032" 
technology	Flying mini-robot cleaners win design competition - Telegraph 
technology	edtech edtechchat edutech 21stedchat 
technology	What's in a name? Successful Entrepreneurs Share Branding Secrets 
technology	Bombshell: Obamacare Website Uses Decade-Old Technology, May Require ... 
technology	Washington Post (blog) Technology is not dehumanizing. It's what makes us human. Washington Post (blog) A new... 
technology	Priority Seating for Technology hcb13 twitwall 
technology	Language: English 
technology	I understand technology evolves. But some inventions are unnecessary. I have no use for a phone with a curved screen. 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Gitex Technology 2013 - Emirates 24/7, security 
technology	Interesting thing about this is 'Warp vessels'. USS Enterprise, anyone? Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacking' 
technology	The Most Innovative Insurer Customer Experiences - Insurance & Technology 
technology	Furthering Science and Technology is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	The technology insight we built iYogi on 
technology	{Read This}: NYC Regents Exam Scoring: Technology Does Not Win the Day - These past two weeks I had the... edchat 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express 
technology	Job : Wichita KS - Manager Instructional Design and Technology - ichita State University is seeking a Manager ... 
technology	Lifestyle Technology 
technology	Don't use thetrainline .com. No customer service, out dated technology, robots and cheep labour.. 
technology	The youths of now are going astray, now who is to blame, the gov't?, technology?, Parents?..... Only God knows were we are going 
technology	70+ Events in Social Media and Technology 
technology	From the vault: Cloud computing can help you keep your business running in a ... - SmartCompan... cloudcomputing 
technology	Windows 8.1 a much-improved effort from Microsoft, say first reviews 
technology	A very interesting read on "100 Women: Why tech needs a makeover to attract girls" 
technology	The explains how you can enjoy from the comfort of your own own home 
technology	Zoom Lebron X by Nike - greatest signature LeBron Boys sneakers with Hyperfuse Technology 
technology	Stage Telecom Deloitte, Executive Assistant, Technology, Media and Telecommunications (“TMT”... UK Internship 
technology	Telekinesis is the technology that allows humans attain the power of the Gods of mythology to move objects by sheer thought. 
technology	technology through Bibles, Bibles through technology VoteForTommy 
technology	4 Ways Entrepreneurs Can Amplify Content On LinkedIn themesh technology 
technology	Should Starbucks replace its baristas with robots? - Slate Magazine robots 
technology	New drone technology could help search for missing woman Boise 
technology	My mms being mean and making me get off all technology sigh' 
technology	From ripe to ruined: why cheap mobile data is what really killed BlackBerry via 
technology	GFDb - Global Football Database - GFDb - Global Football Database -... 
technology	[Globe: Tech] Florida’s new unemployment website, designed by Deloitte, also draws complaints 
technology	Adblock is evil too … uses pay to play to disable adblocking on a site by site basis. 
technology	MAKO: Tony Stark's Jarvis Voice Recognition Software Now A Reality 
technology	Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology in Balingasag, Northern Mindanao, Philippines: oro city 
technology	Cars News From cars to cutting-edge technology. Bosch Spain in social networks.: These days the Frankfurt ca... 
technology	(Oct 19) 1.8 million-year-old skull gives glimpse of our evolution 
technology	Foundations of Software Technology and Theoretical Computer Science: 16th Conference, Hyderabad, India, Decemb... 
technology	Head out of town this Sunday evening RT Lunar eclipse, meteor shower treat Canadians this weekend 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux cool 
technology	Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m 
technology	Technology and change. 
technology	Taking the train this weekend? Visit here to download the National Rail app. NationalRail Apps Technology 
technology	Twitter to launch 'WhatsApp-like messenger service' 
technology	Couple Sells Their Newborn Baby to Buy iPhone 
technology	Photoset: smarterplanet: GLASS ACT Background: Nature recently published a paper on a new technology for... 
technology	U.S. Eases Rules on Exporting Military Technology to Secure Role as World’s Leading Arms Dealer 
technology	I hope Apple produces something amazing at their official event - just to increase the technology barrier 
technology	There's a music and technology conference called "SYNC: Music + Tech" on the 26th but idk the venue zzz 
technology	Smartphone users worldwide spend almost £10 billion on apps this year 
technology	Finalizing Your Technology Blog With These Methods 
technology	N.S.A. Plan to Log Calls Is Renewed by Court NYT technology 
technology	technology BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall 
technology	Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use via 
technology	Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacking', experts warn 
technology	Fascinating essay on the technological racism of film technology & hacks directors use to show different skin tones: 
technology	Shares... 
technology	the goal line technology wouldn't have! Those officials aren't any use in my opinion 
technology	innovation 
technology	Adding this to my wish list! UK supermarket chain lets you 3-D scan and print yourself in ceramic 
technology	Firefox OS is a mobile operating system based on Linux and Mozilla’s Gecko technology, whose environment is... 
technology	Completely agree! Facebook is not killing relationships. But behaviour in online communities can create discord... 
technology	Proposed retrofit of a Shanghai building would essentially create the world's largest pillow fort 
technology	A LARGE asteroid has been discovered zipping past Earth that astronomers say is dangerous and wil... via 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The zSpace 3-D display implements motion parallax ... 
technology	Translators save lives Jost Zetzsche about translation and technology at trikonf13 
technology	BitTorrent seeks to detoxify its brand with Bundle sharing format 
technology	Wonder what it's like to have such a common name or parents that didn't think outside the box... 
technology	Meep. It's amazing how technology can bring two people from different sides of the world together. HEHE 
technology	Proofs show that hackers want to threaten our bright technology, it's unacceptable! VoteForTommy 
technology	Technology, disconnecting people 
technology	Facebook Becomes Google Advertising Ally: Google-owned online ad-placing service DoubleClick announced t... tech 
technology	Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because of Spiders - Megan Garber - The Atlantic 
technology	A closr look Apple iPhone 5s M7 Motion Coprocessor chip iPhone sensor technology 
technology	To have a better life just don't have no technology ☺ 
technology	1.8 Million-Year-Old Skull Suggests Three Early Human Species Were One 
technology	Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food." 
technology	Wi-fi connectivity from a light bulb - or "li-fi" - has come a step closer, according to Chinese scientists. 
technology	EXACTLY..!!FIX IT..!!the FA & Green Grass Technology should do the needful..end of 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The iSAVE-SC1 cushions the blow with predestrians 
technology	technology news Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express 
technology	Design and technology firm DSYN launches a product for A/B testing on mobile: Appiterate 
technology	"I will arm wrestle anyone who says games are not art" Wired13 highlights - could you innovate with technology? 
technology	Nokia’s smarter smartwatch concept 
technology	Cellular Dynamics issued patent for blood vessel, blood cell technology via 
technology	NSA spying is quite literally destroying the United States' preeminent position in web commerce, technology and software 
technology	Mariano Albera, CIO at Thomas Cook speaks with Computer Weekly about meeting the challenges of change and technology 
technology	CNC Precision Technology , GMI 
technology	Happy Anniversary Zhejiang University of Technology 
technology	Counselling Tech to help kids with anxiety problems 
technology	The Global Miller: Students, free range eggs and lupins….: via Grain&FeedMillingTechnology 
technology	We are offering a free onsite technology assessment to Colorado businesses and organizations. Please call us at... 
technology	Audio Conferencing - [two_third] Introduction Most business users are familiar with audio and video... 
technology	ATN NEWS: A Exposé - Government Is working on Technology To ... 
technology	Huawei issues definitive statement about espionage fears we have never been asked to provide access to our technology 
technology	I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction, the world will have a generation of idiots - Albert Einstein 
technology	How Treadmills are the greatest gift of technology? treadmillsonline runningontreadmill 
technology	Blimey. "Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use " 
technology	Yup, totally agree with Pogue on Windows 8.whatever 
technology	5am, can not stop watching this GIF (most popular girl names by state since 1960). Thx 
technology	1.8 million-year-old skull gives glimpse of our evolution - via 
technology	OMG I wish! May technology one day allow me to have some via email, skype... Austrian (and specially Salzburg) bbq is weak! 
technology	Join for 'What (near-) realtime analytics mean for technology choice' this month: 
technology	Tracking technology to encourage people to conserve water by giving them real-time feedback on their daily habits. 
technology	nah. This series has been in the works for years. Lucas, being Lucas has just been waiting for technology to catch up 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts 
technology	PlayStation 4 and Xbox One... 
technology	Europe Moves to Shield Citizens’ Data | NY Times 
technology	Data Firms Nix Showing You Dossier They Keep on You tech 
technology	WP8 Sports Watch Technology Lifestyle Adidas 
technology	Technology insights we built iYogi on....Have you ever tried to take a millennial out? I have; I ha… 
technology	About us: Accenture is a global management consulting, technology... 
technology	Founding the next big technology startup which makes the big time. 
technology	Kids Should Hack Their School-Provided iPads 
technology	Advanced armour technology centre opens in Newport - TechnologyExcellence.in 
technology	What the CUFF? Nokia shows how a smartwatch ought to work 
technology	Jordan University of Science and Technology (JUST) 
technology	Retail Mobility: We at TechnoLabs applied the Mobile technology to Retail Industry. visit: 
technology	Four Major Ways Technology Has C electronics 
technology	Faea F2S: smartphone with... 
technology	Ironman Theme product NextGen Technology instaDaily FirstYearSeminar friends 
technology	Discovering the lost map of Celtic Europe and the superior technology and architecture of the Druids. 
technology	businessnews: On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen 
technology	See comments: "NSA's unbridled snooping will cost American companies trillions of tech sales in the coming years" - 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' telegraph 
technology	Read: Search Jobs | Massachusetts Institute of Technology see more 
technology	The Most Dangerous and Deadliest Animals in the World! 
technology	Apple's iPad problem: 
technology	Free retro-computing event at MCUK today! 
technology	For anyone who creates, buys or sells tablet advertising, or the technology associated with it. 
technology	Photo: dnaymz: took it at museum of science and technology in islam KAUST *.* 
technology	Tips on Being Healthy, Happy and Wise 
technology	Iran achieves Laser Weapon System’s deflection technology 
technology	at trikonf13 really entertaining speech on translation technology and whether it is a curse or s blessing xl8 
technology	“Are humans merging with technology?” 
technology	Hope lock-on grips review 
technology	The IFRC World Disasters Report & Humanitarian Technology: 
technology	inote13 prof Horgan on positives of iPad etc technology recalls recent article in Guardian on same point 
technology	ah yes technology what a glorious thing xD 
technology	Should Video Technology be introduced into football? 
technology	Nvidia has revealed new technology that eliminates screen-tear from PC gaming forever. Dubbed "G-Sync"... gaming 
technology	How you can use technology to your advantage when securing your property 
technology	There is also communication opportunity through cellphones and the availability of internet and technology 
technology	NowPlaying: 50 Cent ft Justin Timberlake & - Ayo Technology. 
technology	5: La Crosse Technology WT-3144S 14 Inch Atomic Analog clock - Silver: La Crosse Technology WT-3144S 14 Inch ... 
technology	I'm A Cheater 
technology	The first bookless library: BiblioTech offers only e-books 
technology	Google surpasses $1,000 for first time on mobile-ad optimism | Business & Technology | The Seattle Times 
technology	The Global Miller: BS&B Safety Systems launch flameless vents for...: via Grain&FeedMillingTechnology 
technology	Customer Focus as Smart Technology Becomes Reality at ...: ... was in focus at the European Utility Week this ... 
technology	'Apple can read your iMessages' claims security firm 
technology	Technology brands pave the way. Check out the best Global Brands 2013.. 
technology	Hello: I am a student of the Iraq Study in the Faculty of Information Technology 
technology	The Bangalore international airport has made Hebbal an important destination. It has also emerged as an IT hub with several technology... 
technology	jobs4u jobs Chief Technology Officer (Research & Development Officer), [Corpus Christi, TX] researchdevelopment 
technology	Visit for style inspiration and to make bookings with us 24 hours a day. technology hair” 
technology	Catch our Channel Director at the Enterprise Technology to learn how the cloud has accelerated African business's 
technology	I love this shit man technology 
technology	From my Archives: Ancient Technology Failures 
technology	Also at home (but at Grange Technology College) W5s v at noon 
technology	Germany will surely need goal line technology. 
technology	Microsoft awards hacking expert 
technology	Distributor introduces laser levelling technology into local market 
technology	XboxOne Ryse Son of Rome Interview: Kinect Commands, Xbox One Technology And Multiplayer 
technology	Why create for someone else when you can do it for yourself? 
technology	As Android is the latest leading technology in the world, so we are dedicated to make the best apps. 
technology	What role is technology playing in HR's transformation? plans to answer just that 20mmc 
technology	You might find this translation quite helpful. 
technology	Nice work by on the BearGrylls gear! Technology has never felt so hard core! 
technology	"A 400-metre asteroid is threatening to blow up the Earth." Eek! hope it hits Capitol Hill first lol 
technology	Microsoft release Windows 8.1 update in reaction to customer complaints 
technology	World sees the strengths you have, your economy, how are you embracing technology,how are you contributing to HRD: Modi NaMoInKanpur 
technology	The Tectres Technology Daily is out! 
technology	New ‘Hawkeye’ Technology To Identify Attractive Female Spectators. worldcup lufc nufc asfc 
technology	From the vault: Cloud computing can help you keep your business running in a ... - 
technology	TIL: US Navy uses CORBA for missile launch commands 
technology	Goshhhh amazing what technology can do was talking with mmama, koko, rakgolo, teri, refja, thato, mmane, tt, fentse at one time lol 
technology	Swoopmail: THE TECHNOLOGY: Zimbra collaboration Suite -- Extensible 
technology	Worcester College of Technology open day today yesssss👌 
technology	ht… 
technology	The advances in technology means I can sit by a waterfall all day in complete peace, but at my fingertips keep in touch with the world ❤️🌍 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Samsung's new handset is a more pocket-friendly al... 
technology	Technology wil soon show u how gravity looks like 
technology	'CAVE' men lead scientific way with revolutionary 3D imaging - 
technology	interesting how he was so aware of this technology that long ago... 
technology	Account Manager - Consumer Technology - London - Central - Reuben-Sinclair PRJobs 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' - 
technology	14 HILARIOUS Technology Fails!! 
technology	Multimeter Setting: Can any ABrs help with a co-ax aerial eg., which meter scale to use to establish alive or ... 
technology	New hope for anyone living with the hair brushing syndrome: Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer via 
technology	feku to launch the new NaMo technology phone iFake which will have 6000 crore GHz processor. FakeItEasy 
technology	that's naive, there are enough examples of technology not breaking through for socio-economic reasons. 
technology	Institute of technology brochures-the summit sculpture now macrocosmos approaching students 
technology	Vote: http:/… 
technology	The Technology Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Cell-Free Bioengineering Technology for Cheaper, Greener Chemicals 
technology	LLM Introduces Interactive Timelines Feature Integrated Directly Into... LLMInc PressReleases Technology 
technology	Obamacare Website Uses Old Technology, May Require 'Constant Fixes' For 6 Months - Benson Deliberate? ORPUW PJNET 
technology	Shh! Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer 
technology	Hahaha RT Old People + Technology = Funny. 
technology	Welcome to the season premiere of The Wyre. Our technology based show. Get all your technological information and... 
technology	Is Technology Causing Us to Live 'Alone Together'? 
technology	Should you invest in your own in-house prototyping technology or contract it out? PrototypingBureau Prototyping 
technology	I Don't Think You're Ready for This, Jelly - Megan Garber - The Atlantic 
technology	I took technology education in high school, but it didn't have much to do with that. 
technology	I'm staying away frm any form of technology or social media for a bit. Peace out y'all._ 
technology	I sinked my Twitter with my Facebook and all I got was a wet laptop. Fuckin' technology man. 
technology	Laptop is in technology hospital as of now. 🏨 
technology	G-Synch, NVIDIA's New Technology for Gaming Monitors 
technology	Volvo has made a huge step in battery technology for electric cars 
technology	3G technology will change lifestyle in Algeria 
technology	Universities I'm questioning, University Kigali, Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture & Technology, ULK 
technology	Only 3200 in the wild. Now they also face cyberpoaching: 
technology	Ah, the good old days. Remember when everything was in black and white because the unions wouldn't accept the new technology? 
technology	I... 
technology	Argos myTablet Guardian review one star "It's best viewed from a distance, turned off" spend £20 more and buy a Hudl 
technology	Don't over use technology.. 
technology	Have a great evening - feel sure the team with the best technology will win!! 
technology	Bathys atomic wristwatch explodes onto the blogosphere 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny." 
technology	A-Z of college life - What are the best life lessons that you learned at BITS Pilani? 2007B2A3658G 
technology	Downtown Saving ecology through technology: A team from DAV Velachery has been shortlisted for the ‘People’s... 
technology	Macs and iPads to get TouchID? 
technology	Birla Institute of Technology: The Patna Campus of Birla Institute of Technology was establishe... collegesindia 
technology	reviews Argos MyTablet: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use. Avoid 
technology	A framework for innovation and technology adoption also needs to be put in place: Narendra Modi NaMoInKanpur 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Hong-Kong based Lenovo, is thriving in spite of th... 
technology	Video: Mike Davies on how to prepare for the retirement of WindowsXP. technology business 
technology	Advice on Integrating your Mobile Workforce 
technology	I'm too busy with all of my technology xoxoxoxox 
technology	This Is Elon Musk's Hyperloop via 
technology	Isn't it crazy how technology has developed over time? If it hadn't, my son wouldn't be alive. Born so early, needing medicine & all. 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen: 
technology	To the Young upwardly mobile professional, technology is the very fabric that connects us all… 
technology	What We Can Expect From The Next Decade Of Technology - 
technology	Democratic National Committee leverages big data to turn politics... BigData 
technology	Hey there Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. agile scrum technology 
technology	Old People + Technology = Funny 
technology	Information Technology Specialist - Check out CCNN's great program at 
technology	Asian Production &amp; Components (APC) - Asian Production &amp;... 
technology	Find out that our body temperature can be measured in a second, without even touching our forehead. Technology improves everyday. 
technology	Troubled Obamacare website wasn't tested until a week before launch [x-post /r/technology] 
technology	The technology that could awaken the human from death cryonics 
technology	Emphasis on use of technology of betterment of life of common man BJP approach 
technology	It's for the exotic fuel technology they refuse to share with the world. 
technology	I have been replaced by the new iphone rejected 😩 technology 
technology	EnoGene Biotech - EnoGene Biotech - Specialists in the development and production of... 
technology	Mention one household chore you hate!"None..technology can help for the chores i hate eg laundry,dishes,hovering. 
technology	good read: Cloud "Website outages shouldn’t deter cloud adoption" 
technology	Ubuntu 13.10 review: "the calm before the storm" | Ars Technica 
technology	exactly - pushy technology!have fun  
technology	Information Technology Personnel at a Reputable Transport Company – Holders 
technology	interview with (Part 3) socialmedia technology ideas gbchat 
technology	You may like to take a look at my work design thinking in a technology driven context 
technology	Cloud Dynamics Granted Patent for Revolutionary ecoDC Technology - Balla Networks 
technology	How can technology enhance your development projects? Join us for a reality check on opendev on 7&8 Nov. odc13 
technology	Customer Focus as Smart Technology Becomes Reality at European Utility Week 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release - BBC News 
technology	Myst creators seek cash for new game 
technology	Join my Free Monday Export Focus update and get essential advice,tips & information every Monday 
technology	I Flirt wid Flirters 
technology	Parents spy on their kids’ smartphones, track location, survey finds 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food. 
technology	Here it is , for all African Cloud evangelists  Enterprise Technology exhibition brochure 2014 
technology	The best science and technology pictures of the week 
technology	Algebraic Methodology and Software Technology: 9th International Conference, AMAST 2002, Saint-Gilles-les- Bai... 
technology	Lol bank notification *beep beep* technology RT Checking my fone every 30min waitin for dat call *bawo, khowenze* 
technology	Engineer (Civil/Electrical) Vacancy In National Institute of Technology – Tiruchirappalli… 
technology	Nvidia counters AMD with the Debut of GTX 780 Ti Video Card and the announcement of G-SYNC technology. Lookout... 
technology	More real world Star Trek reference for you  
technology	Hi gamification used in implementing design thinking in a technology company gamification 
technology	Open-Xchange wants you to dump closed source – and embrace security vía softwarelibre OpenSource xprism 
technology	Swoopmail: THE TECHNOLOGY: Zimbra collaboration Suite -- Expandable 
technology	Football clubs move to boost connectivity. Live by leads the way. OOH 
technology	To explore technology for me is something that I have to do. Otherwise, I feel completely left in the back... abandoned. 
technology	Moo hostel owa tihwamo? Thank God for technology... One can buy electricity online" 
technology	Introducing Revolutionary NVIDIA G-SYNC Display Technology: Ultra-Smooth, Stutter-Free Gaming Is Here | GeForce 
technology	11 Must Know DISPLAY Technology Terms Before Buying Mobile or TV or Monitor !! 
technology	Smartphone shipments to Africa up 21.5% | IT News Africa- Africa's Technology News Leader via 
technology	MLM software baseado na web web software programmer programmer web designer project outsource {technology} 
technology	Are We Alone? 
technology	Visit for style inspiration and to make bookings with us 24 hours a day. technology hair 
technology	What Does It Mean for the U.S. to 'Lose Control of the Internet?' - Robinson Meyer - The Atlantic 
technology	Tixeo Introduces New Desktop Sharing Technology Offering Unparalleled Speed 
technology	Why doesn't Cirencester follow the example of Skye by twinning with a virtual world? Gotham City perhaps? 
technology	27382 Other Sydney unis: University f Sy0ney (top 2 alongside UNbW), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie_ 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - AppleNews 
technology	The Daily Mash: Lidl launches £12.99 tablet 
technology	Medical Technology>Indications and contraindications of urethral stent placement 
technology	BBC’s ‘Moving On’ will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall: By Mariella Moon... technology 
technology	Nice piece of technology; The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux 
technology	Middle-age is... an iPhone with a leather hinged-flap case (Column I wrote earlier.) 
technology	US power plants 'vulnerable to hacking' 
technology	Learn more about our SLX... 
technology	Just saw Carrie and thought it was pretty decent. Other than the integration of modern technology and...(cont...) 
technology	Shaun White uses new technology for Olympics 
technology	am stll novice tweeter & social mediarite, but embracing the technology..love it 
technology	Price Per Share: $ 2500.00 
technology	good overview of High Frequency Trading systems and technology 
technology	Types of Clouds in Cloud Computing 
technology	QLogic Technology for Dot Hill Architecture 
technology	working on it!! I need to set up a Skype account! Hope it's easy I hate technology xx 
technology	Internship computer Information Technology Intern: Washington DC - The Information Technolo... WashingtonDC US 
technology	AchieveIt, Mercedes-Benz Buckhead Win Technology Awards - 
technology	Google Stock Tops $1000, Highlighting a Tech Divide 
technology	Customer Focus as Smart Technology Becomes Reality at European Utility Week - Balla Networks 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Cycloramic uses the iPhone's vibration motor to sp... 
technology	How to block the "seen" feature on facebook chat: chromeextension chrome addon fb technology socialmedia 
technology	Running linux  
technology	This Skype app is making me super frustrated! Makes me want to go buy a laptop....#firstworldproblems technology notswaggerfriendly 
technology	Must read for those in the ad and technology businesses! Gartner's Top 10 Strategic Tech trends for 2014. 
technology	SalarO “Web Science & Technology” is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Precocious US political predictor looks to next venture Latest Science & Technology News Stories 
technology	What is Project Management Technology - Technical Project Management - pmot 
technology	"Could Google technology transform BIM and the built environment?" interesting 
technology	Venture Capital: Slide 5: Technology: Address invent vs. integrate issues: Show that you will invent only uniquely competitive elements 
technology	Good news: Saturday night & going out for a lime soda. Bad news: we are fecked: 👀 astronomers: 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Intel will reportedly announce its plans at CES 
technology	Here's a great example of how to use brilliantly Scarily good  
technology	Small pleasures when you can watch The Tunnel thanks to modern technology *smug face* 
technology	3) especially over the last few years as audio technology has become increasingly small and portal. 
technology	3D printing technology-a game changer for logistics 
technology	Web technology of future 
technology	Innovative water technologies aim for more crop per drop : TreeHugger via 
technology	Hybrid learning pilot program deemed a success in PA - | 
technology	Also, look at that bias: it wasn't all illegal/piracy (or so I've been told). 
technology	JobSearch Server Management SME / Senior Manager at General Dynamics Information Technology... Find this Job & More 
technology	Our generation: 
technology	VirginiaBeach Navy Engineering Technician at Allied Technology Group (Virginia Beach, VA) 
technology	Ha! I advise tech literate to buy Samsung and those not comfortable with technology to buy Apple. 
technology	Super-charged Wi-Fi via wifi wireless technology 
technology	Facebook is making it easier for teens to share their profiles - but they can still stay safe online 
technology	Just realized that AUT University's name is actually Auckland University of Technology University mindblown 
technology	New technology often leads to new ways to electronically scam people - Greenwood Index Journal 
technology	North West jobs - Account Technology Consultant -Public Sector Job: Job Category: Sales Locati... 
technology	Grain & Feed Milling Technology 
technology	This weekend! FREE event for technology fans of all ages via 
technology	IBM South Africa Graduate Programme 2014 in Joburg (Consulting, Technology, Business,& Sales) 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Microsoft is reportedly joining the party of compa... 
technology	Technology shines but banking, infrastructure funds fare worst in Q2 
technology	White hat hackers figured out how to break navigation technology used to track 400,000 shipping vessels world... 
technology	Choosing The Best Educational Technology – Infographic 
technology	Web conferencing startup uniRow raises $1M from global investors ... 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: compares the specs and other features of the LG Op... 
technology	time.. Technology shud come to our 
technology	news politics technology Windows Microsoft 
technology	Mobile Products:we pursued product development on cutting edge technologies.Our product portfolio comprises both solution&technology. 
technology	I love technology, just had a good morning Google hangout with my 2 girls and annak - not as good as being there but damn close 
technology	US Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux: (via 
technology	Design Manager in Product Technology department (LEGO Koncernen): Billund, Syddanmark - () { $('#... Denmark Jobs 
technology	Science & Technology (How E-commerce is Changing People's Shopping Habits) - 
technology	Eventually, every light bulb will be an ultra-fast alternative to Wi-Fi. Amazing technology. 
technology	Somtimes - I don't know how to use technology. 
technology	Q&A: The Next Wave of Technology via Microwave 
technology	*day dreams about talking into a piece of meat* I love technology! It's delicious! 
technology	sixdegrees sociology kevinbacon connection technology connected society karinthy 
technology	R.I.P IsoHunt !! 
technology	Check out this great alternative 10 Inch Tablet available to... 
technology	Technology consulting - NetSuite - business development manager job: McGladrey, Des Moines, IA. 
technology	Suppose it's a good thing I've gone legit 
technology	Analyst II Health Information Mgmt Dept - (Brenham) 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: F1 features a 5.1 digital sound system with a sub-... 
technology	Taching old ppl how to use modern day technology is so annoying . 
technology	Mobile Payment: We try to leverage our technology expertise to give secure and fast payments options. 
technology	Yes, Angry Birds Go! could knock Nintendo's Mario Kart off its perch 
technology	Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Intel's quad-core Bay Trail proce... technology news 
technology	ugh. im a technology hoarder. i swear. 
technology	How Rwanda’s Information Technology Revolution Is Pushing the Country Forward: On the BBC, journalist Lerato M... 
technology	BBC Technology High-speed rail 'losers' revealed: The local economies that stand to lose from the new north-to... 
technology	BBC News - LED light bulb 'li-fi' closer, say Chinese scientists 
technology	2 killers registered as felons after their escape: ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — As authorities search for two convicte... 
technology	Nanoparticle to Kill Cancer Cells! Eradicates Ovarian Tumor in less than 24 hours technology 
technology	Great technology. The output and feedback is powerful. Game changer. 
technology	NASA strives to tame 'big data' flowing in from dozens of missions - 
technology	UK joins Qatar & Saudi Arabia in KPMG's top ten change-ready countries measuring in part openness to technology 
technology	Akhilesh decorates UP with technology ahead of Modi's Kanpur rally: Kanpur, Oct 19: Kanpur, a city whic... india 
technology	Information Technology [IT] اكتب_أيش_تخصصك 
technology	Five Technology Trends That are Shaping the Pharmaceutical Industry epharma trends 
technology	electronics technology tech TagsForLikes electronic device gadget gadgets… 
technology	Sometimes I really do hate modern technology.. StpidPhone !!!!!!!!# 
technology	Unit 1 Micro: Argos Tablet and Inferior Goods via Economics - The Guardian technology blog has ... 
technology	I Am Trying To Print A Document In Msword But It Keeps Asking Me To Save An Xps File.: I have never even heard... 
technology	A well rated internet technology Corporation is developing a CASH PAYING 
technology	Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (CNET): Share With Friends: | | Technology - Top Sto... 
technology	Brazil signals it may release terminator seed technology: 
technology	Tixeo Introduces New Desktop Sharing Technology Offering Unparalleled Speed - Balla Networks 
technology	indeed: Technology Coordinator - University of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR: Working under the supervision of ... 
technology	Design and technology firm DSYN launches a product for A/B testing on mobile: Appiterate ... 
technology	Is there goal-line technology in the Bundesliga? 
technology	Most Expensive Everyday ITEM: tech technology epic fail weird bazar funny luxurious diamonds etrush celeb 
technology	Why technology not used to confirm gold presence conclusively? GoldHunt. A geophysicists blog 
technology	Language and Technology News Daily is out! 
technology	IT+IT=IT Indian talent + Information technology = India Tomorrow -On E-governance NaMoInKanpur ModifyUP 
technology	Ans: 6000 crore miles per litr 
technology	A more sensitive Apple knocks Coca Cola from 'top brand' spot (Video) 
technology	USPTO Approves Apple's Steve Jobs Patent - RedOrbit 
technology	Facebook changes privacy settings for teens tech 
technology	Agreed, so basically technology, planning and administration saved people. 
technology	Something to think about ..... Why technology is not always the solution for better education 
technology	“The Navy's Newest Warship Is Powered By Linux” via 
technology	I am sick and tired of hearing this same lament, that women are underrepresented in science and technology because... 
technology	sitting here with my sisters nd one is on her phone and the other is glued to the tv. Technology is really taking over... 
technology	The 3D mammography technology is here at St. David’s Medical Center, and with this technique, doctors can look layer by layer. 
technology	tech app news 16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume socialmedia 
technology	Design and technology firm DSYN launches a product for A/B testing on mobile: Appiterate: DSYN is a design and... 
technology	Google Stock Scales $1,000 a Share 
technology	What risk?? Just because technology fracking enables it to be done doesn't mean we have to do it. Challenge the rhetoric. GlobalFrackdown 
technology	12 of Instagram's finest accounts to follow, 1 is quite beautiful 
technology	Transferring cassette to minidisc today. Gosh, I'm at the forefront of advanced technology and yes I did clean the tape heads first. 
technology	Ex-employee trashes Heart Attack Grill on Reddit 
technology	Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (CNET): Share With Friends: | | Top News - Technolog... 
technology	Tricks And Advice For Using Your New Ipad 
technology	Google Stock Tops $1,000, Highlighting a Tech Divide 
technology	Loool! Sighh. Technology! 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release. Microsoft needs to change, will this help or is the race already lost? 
technology	Mother reads out dinamalar news from nexus 7, "Shilpa Shetty veetil thiruttu". Technology 
technology	Adapting A Social Learning Strategy Framework For Education | via 
technology	Uh-oh! The Argos Tablet is NOT seeing good reviews! 
technology	Technology Trends is out! 
technology	Stunning result of 9 years of mapping: Kathmandu vs Brasilia maps urbanplanning ugc 
technology	if they wanted to be in your bed they'd make it happen.” IM TIRED OF USING TECHNOLOGY. 
technology	Gartner: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 via < BYOD mania shows its downside 
technology	Because -this generatin will use technology for social change! Go kids! 
technology	10/10 for my Module 2 Music Technology test. I'm such a girly swot today! 
technology	Graphics Chips Help Process Big Data Sets in Milliseconds - MIT Technology Review | 
technology	Mmm lifi? Is this 1st April? -> LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	Q: What is health? - Q: What is health? +Sri Sri Ravi Shankar:... 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen via news 
technology	Lena Dunham Will Keynote SXSW Next Year themesh technology 
technology	NBN is already obsolete! auspol fraudband bankrupt 
technology	e.g. he’s a practical futurist, implementing cutting edge technology in his own business to leverage available resources. 
technology	ContentsCopyrighted OzarksNews OzarksSentinal 
technology	Apple great product. 
technology	Daily Talker: Does Tracking Technology Give You Peace Of Mind Or Make You ... - CBS Local | 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Financial Express: Financial ExpressApple Inc: Where high fas... 
technology	Data Firms Nix Showing You Dossier They Keep on You: submitted by dpet [link] [comment] 
technology	Indian institute of Technology Roorkee invites Senior Research Fellows, Junior Research Fellow 
technology	Technology News Monica+Andy, A Children's Clothing Line And Online Store From Bonobos Foun... (from TechCrunch) 
technology	Previously on YRB: Heelys Announces 16 New Styles for Spring/Summer 2012 
technology	What is your dream travel destination? — The place full of TECHNOLOGY! 
technology	DELL PRECISION R5500 WORKSTATION 2 X INTEL QC L5630 2.13GHZ 96GB RAM 6 X 900GB $7709.00 pc technology 
technology	Dax Shepard, Kristen Bell Marry in Secret: Kristen Bell proposed to Dax Shepard on Twitter in June this year, right.. 
technology	Today's Popular Science: Robots Are Already Figuring Out Your Personality 
technology	PAPE"R"MAIL: Saturday 19th October 2013: In the News this Week 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down, does it work in China? 
technology	This TV AD for an early cellphone is also history of telecom technology IMCWF BrandScience Marketing 
technology	Citi are hosting a Technology Presentation at 1pm on Monday 
technology	Technology mimics surgeons’ sense of touch 
technology	Watch An Army Robot Fire A Machine Gun | Popular Science 
technology	Windows 8.1: Read this BEFORE you update – especially if you’ve got more than … – Register 
technology	Bet learner in Technology grde 9: Murapa Sharlene! 
technology	Li-Fi ........China discover new technology for wi-Fi 
technology	“CrossFit is open-source fitness technology.” CrossFit 
technology	What's really cool is the layers of technology culminating in your tweet: electricity, photography...until now. 
technology	Gartner Identifies the Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends for 2014 
technology	Experience in Months:... 
technology	jobs4u jobs Chief Technology Officer (Research & Development Officer), [Lake Jackson, TX] researchdevelopment 
technology	Love it when tech finds an existing conduit to do something better. li-fi LED 'li-fi' step closer, says China 
technology	technology 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release Windows 8.1 gets global release 
technology	Insurers brace themselves for battle with the giants. by 
technology	My world of innovations.technology world. 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen: 'For short, emission-free journeys around town, this is brilliant, and p... 
technology	What Is 'Evil' to Google? good read. Short term vs. Long term. 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology via 
technology	More worshippers tap into the latest technology | SikhNet 
technology	Gartner: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 - via 
technology	Google Explains Quantum Computing in One Simple Video innovation invention science scitech tech technews 
technology	we have to be cautious about the science. that is, our level of consciousness should be more developed more than the technology development. 
technology	Democratic National Committee leverages big data to turn politics... BigData” 
technology	In 2013,mobile devices will pass PCs to be most common Web access tools. 
technology	How's it going Thanks for following! agile scrum technology 
technology	Biz] Apple Is Quietly on the Move 
technology	iWowWe Comp Plan with Bill Starkey from Peoples video technology company | Video communication for believers 
technology	No one knows..how I suffer while giving my Information Technology Practicals.Specially HTML. Horror 
technology	Worth a read article as he outlines ways to restore faith in technology among NHS staff 
technology	Article: Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' 
technology	"A 400-metre asteroid is threatening to blow up the Earth." Eek! CALL SUPERMAN 
technology	BBC News - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m WHAT? NOOOO!!!!  
technology	Old people and technology don't mix hilarious 
technology	10 Mind-Blowing Futuristic Wartime Technologies: Military technology is progressing by leaps and bounds, so fa... 
technology	Google shares top $1,000 after strong earnings via 
technology	hot tech news New Obamacare Numbers - Success Or Failure? socialshakeup 
technology	You should not be impressed with technology uyou're walking out the door, you're planning the next,-- Chris Evans 
technology	Embracing Digital Technology | MIT Sloan Management Review via 
technology	Zuckerberg's sis warns kids about Web 
technology	The brandnew Adidas Swag Fiction Technology Futurist History Apparel Adicolor Movie 
technology	codingserbia who've attended my talks yesterday: here's source code 1: and slides 2: 
technology	A team from DAV Velachery has been shortlisted for the ‘People’s Choice Award’ for its idea of sewage... ecology 
technology	DED to display innovative online services at Gitex Technology Week 
technology	setting4success SoftBank to take over mobile distributor Brightstar for $1.26 billion - InfoWorld Mobile Tabl... 
technology	Would you like to take a look at my take on 'design thinking in a technology driven context'? 
technology	It’s back: Metro’s top ten reasons why we’ve missed the Premier League: By danielgriffithsuk It’ll... technology 
technology	iHowTo Teaches Children Activities for Daily Living | 
technology	How BIM technology influence construction industry 
technology	The Games, TV Shows, Movies, &amp; Technology That Influenced GTA V 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: National Solar Mission that aims to establish Indi... 
technology	Developers Can Now Submit Windows 8.1 Applications To The Windows Store 
technology	I Hate Study 
technology	Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
technology	The NSA/GCHQ metadata reassurances are breathtakingly cynical - 
technology	Photocatalytics: Researchers at Zhejiang University of Technology Discuss Findings in Photocatalytics 
technology	Tech experts: Health exchange site needs total overhaul (Built using 10 year old technology!) Obamacare Fail 
technology	init[ Showcases Smart Government Best Practices at Gitex Technology Week 
technology	HAHAHA. like ma father. LOL RT Old People + Technology = Funny. 
technology	Program Manager — Investment Management Technology & Operations at JPMorgan Chase (Jersey City, NJ): Investmen... 
technology	Identification Technology Investment in Africa 
technology	Norovirus Cure can Assist 267 Million People! Find out how: Cure Discovery Life News Science Virus Technology 
technology	The Modernization of Healthcare through Mobile Technology and Medical Monitoring Devices: 
technology	One Direction advent calendars hit by production delays: Hordes of teens hoping to get their hands on an Adven... 
technology	Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer via 
technology	BBC's 'Moving On' will be the first drama to premiere on iPlayer later this fall: BBC's... technology 
technology	Studio WINTR 
technology	The first first round of ACMICPC IITKanpur regionals has concluded with team moduli of Delhi Technology (cont) 
technology	or they could try developing the technology so that they dont actually have to have any actors O_O 
technology	F… 
technology	Giveaway Win 1 Sonray Technology ~ Kulcar Solar Powered Car Ventilator 
technology	MRI technology has confirmed that dogs experience emotions like humans do - veterinary 
technology	Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299: Technology, Tech 
technology	FDA Shoots Down mPedigree Technology: Acting Head of the Pharmaceutical and Industrial Support Unit of the Foo... 
technology	Spam emails down while phishing up in August, says Kaspersky labs 
technology	What Does It Mean for the U.S. to 'Lose Control of the Internet?' 
technology	BlackBerry: We're not dead yet mobileworld 
technology	tis true! Wow, must test this tomorrow 
technology	Personal Stylist Startup Stitch Fix Announces $12 Million in New Funding 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen $EURUSD Guardian 
technology	Nvidia Unleashes G-Sync Technology for Gaming Monitors. - X-bit Labs Technology 
technology	Pebble smartwatch set to ship - - did you invest? 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen 'For short, emission-free journeys around town, this is brilliant, and pro... 
technology	Top story: Switching Healthcare Into Autopilot with Wearable Technology -TedXTa… see more 
technology	Apple could be preparing to introduce its TouchID technology into the rest of its... 
technology	Allstate's new technology unit in India grows to 200 workers - Allstate Solutions Private... 
technology	Please consult for Schedule regarding Closing Session JSEUpgrade 2MMDR JSE 
technology	Oh dear, unlike Tesco's hudl, this seems cheap and nasty: 
technology	Professor dumps apartment life for dumpster 
technology	Microsoft makes 'Games with Gold' Xbox service permanent: Microsoft on Friday announced that it’s Games with G... 
technology	There truly is life beyond spotify: vía 
technology	Aah, cool. Ain’t technology brilliant. Just need to get off my phone and on the laptop. 
technology	People are always being shot out of cannons. Imagine the dude that invested in net technology and said "Just wait." 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology: 
technology	Apple's iMessage security claims 'basically just lies', say researchers via 
technology	BBC News - Oracle releases bumper security update for Java 
technology	▶ Kinect for Windows application give new standarts to shoping. 
technology	Health information medical technology (HIMT) اكتب_أيش_تخصصك 
technology	loool I was the same to start with 🙈 technology these days ayeee 😠x 
technology	Gene Therapy and Your Child - Gene Therapy and Your Child - Development... 
technology	When neglecting to acknowledge the human element in technology, we neglect behaving like thoughtful, empathetic humans. We become robotic. 
technology	In tech news: Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (CNET) 
technology	networkmarketing Mktg social network Socialnetworking 
technology	ayyy were addicted to technology 👌💕 
technology	expands to five days exploring the synthesis of technology, art and music in North Carolina in April 2014 
technology	lol, im not so good with technology. 
technology	The Computer Technology Museum was great before, but now its even better! Androidgames Gameinsight Android 
technology	Brave New Nano: Flexible phones & graphene gadgets in RT's Technology..Retweet this please!  
technology	Job opening for Informatica Lead in Hyderabad jobs seniormanagement | Apply Now 
technology	Doing this fantasy draft from th show. I love technology: 
technology	New Obamacare Numbers - Success Or Failure? tech technology 
technology	Technology means the systematic application of scientific or other organized knowledge to practical tasks. John Kenneth Galbraith quote 
technology	It's so cute when my mom doesn't understand technology. 
technology	Ireland's Technology Blog - Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Search Jobs | Massachusetts Institute of Technology see more 
technology	Software engineers tell Glassdoor that Walmart pays more than Facebook - The Washington Post 
technology	... - iPhone App 
technology	I literally can survive without technology I need a bf who can too. I don't need websites to base my life upon. I need adventure. RISKS! 
technology	Wtf We already have "experts" on new technology crimes? // Experts: Busting parents won't stop cyberbullies 
technology	I have no idea how 2 upload pics from my mobile... once again, owned by technology lol 
technology	"Shared economy" and "collaborative consumption" in action: Airbnb takes on New York City via 
technology	tech blogs. Most of my friends don't know anything about technology 
technology	Loving piece today. Unironically read on a piece of technology and lauded on another. 
technology	rescue. Like invent flying pussy or so.. 
technology	400-metre asteroid sighted may 'blow up the earth' in 2032 
technology	Charlotte Technology+ is out! 
technology	newtechnology Horn Antenna: CMI-15-25-AI: Corry Micronics’ CMI-15-25-AI horn antenna covers the 50.0 to 75.0 ... 
technology	ProForm 850 Elliptical Trainer with GameFit Technology 
technology	jobs jobsite Planning and Performance Manager – Change and Technology Jobcentre 
technology	Death in the Digital Age: Are you prepared? some DeathTech hcsm digitallegacy facebook digitalassets 
technology	i just teached mom how to plug her ipod on the stereo and she was so amazed omg mom you're 42 you should know something about technology?? 
technology	… 
technology	Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because of Spiders 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down isohunt fb 
technology	What's the new boss of Apple stores first challenge? Cut the queues... apple 
technology	Amazing Clock :D 
technology	._.v Old People + Technology = Funny." 
technology	20 best iPhone and iPad apps this week 
technology	Young adults only walk five minutes a day 'because of technology' - via Tom Tolkien 
technology	Is #Apple Reading Your iMessages? 
technology	Advice Needed, Etc.: The last part of my query vanished,......... I can view the movies just fine on my laptop... 
technology	i Teach With Technology: iPad Lesson: WordFoto edtech mlearning 
technology	FakeItEasy 
technology	BBC News - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m Very Sad news 
technology	When you come to the realisation that you have to hide your own technology from yourself so you can study in peace! Cc 
technology	Sonic: Lost World review Games Culture Technology 
technology	Facebook changes privacy settings for teens technology 
technology	No plans for Friday night? There's a pile o' Windows Server ISOs feeling lonely 
technology	"I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction; the world will have a generation of idiots. 
technology	Real Estate Technoloyg - Editing Writing technology... - US Editing jobs job GetAllJobs 
technology	:I THINK TECHNOLOGY GOT THE BEST OF THIS GENERATION 
technology	$35.99 - Manufacturer Recertified OCZ Vertex Plus OCZSSD2-1VTXPL60G.RF 2.5" 60GB SATA II MLC Internal Solid State... 
technology	For the latest technology in hearing evaluation, come to 13 King Street, Hinckley. The only permanent centre in... 
technology	What single piece of technology makes your life easier? — Phones 
technology	Windows 8.1 gets global release - 
technology	According to Eyre Chairman technology has made a “one to one relationship with customers a reality” 
technology	Max Frisch~ Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesnt have to experience it. 
technology	I wonder what technology would be like in 2030? Can't wait 
technology	Asteroid TV135 heading to Earth in 2032 could mean the end for humans - Daily Record - 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: With motherhood, many women forget about taking ca... 
technology	Macworld,A close look at Apple's iMessage system shows the company could easily intercept communications on the... 
technology	Personal Finance Tech Heats Up: Venture Capital Funding Tops $343M Over the Last Year via 
technology	The New Nvidia G-SYNC Technology Will Support 3D Vision as Well - 
technology	and who knows what it will lead to eg M11 technology companies in East Anglia helping whole country 
technology	why AM I up ? That's the real question! Hah the struggle is real, technology just has the best of us right now hahah 
technology	New: Illinois court throws out 'Amazon tax' online sales law (CNET): Share With Friends: | | Technolog... wMg 
technology	High fashion in the tech world: File photo: A model displays Google Glass at the Diane von Furstenberg Spring/... 
technology	Apple will most probably bring their Touch ID fingerprint technology to iPad 5, following the good reception to this feature in iPhone 5s 
technology	Technology changed me !"Bush boy 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: Your technology in the year 2012 Technodhuniah 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down. It's a very sad day 
technology	Welcome to all our new followers , Putoline is bike only oil, bike technology. no cross over into motor racing here therightoil 
technology	Advances In Cinema Tech Overcoming a Strange Racial Divide (Slashdot): Share With Friends: | | Top News - Te... 
technology	Our Laboratory is barcoded, networked, NABL - ISO 15189 (Govt of Science & technology) accreditated 
technology	Top 10 most stressful experiences of my life, I hate public transport and technology 
technology	Reading and attending all about educational technology is a double edge sword! All great if you have it! Frustratedteacher 
technology	"The nuclear launch codes aren't working!" 
technology	Razuna - Digital Asset Management Server Module, updated ton all Thecus Technology Corp. NAS 
technology	Only 38% of executives say that digital transformation is a permanent fixture on their CEO's agenda 
technology	strange. Could it be an accident? Technology sometimes mucks up, especially twitter! 
technology	Pages: 196 
technology	parents _ are so clueless when t comes to technology 
technology	ok old school technology people. i'm on flip phone!! i'm giving myself a month on a flip phone! texting & phone calls only. lol; 
technology	Vancouver pirate website isoHunt shut down, owner ordered to pay $110 million US fine 
technology	Clarence sells ALGN 45.93: Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Tops Q3 EPS by 12c; Guides Above the Street -... 
technology	"Because it is teachers who can make each person achieve more than they ever dream' 
technology	Automotive Technology Update is out! 
technology	Huawei asks for global web security: Huawei Technology asks for cyber space security protocols hailed and laun... 
technology	Searchers Using New Technology In Effort To Find Missing Autistic Teen From Queens « CBS New York 
technology	Apparently, our NEW endoftheworld date. I am sure we will have a Hollywood movie to watch about this soon! : 
technology	Technodhuniah :Information Technology: The new models feature a new internal combustion e... 
technology	Resume Writing For IT Professionals - 100% Guaranteed on Oct 19 - careerbarn 
technology	How to Get Tiny But Cumulatively Important Innovations to Market | MIT Technology Review 
technology	iMagnet Cradle-less Magnetic Mount with Quick-snap Technology, Smartphone Car Windshield Dashboard Universal Holder 
technology	New: Advances In Cinema Tech Overcoming a Strange Racial Divide (Slashdot): Share With Friends: | | Te... wMg 
technology	Troubled Obamacare website wasn't tested until a week before launch [x-post /r/technology] WebDev 
technology	shared a link 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts: Server for encryption "keys" is controlled by Apple 
technology	Still in the works, but li-fi (wi-fi connectivity from lightbulb) sounds promising. Excited for its progress! JMS375 
technology	fucked up ain't it mate I spend hours looking up government secrets and all that we have so much advanced technology 
technology	While Smartphones are Becoming Smarter, Malware is not Far Behind technology review 
technology	The good thing about technology is that if someone tries to kidnap me someone will know how to find me because of my tweets 
technology	10 Benefits of Bluetooth Technology via 
technology	What a fantastic idea.. wifi KeepingItSimple 
technology	The iNFC Technology Daily is out! ▸ Top stories today via 
technology	Elon Musk intends to turn James Bond prop into real submarine car - Los Angeles Times Technology 
technology	National Institute of Technology, Raipur Job Vacancies 2013: Vacancies at National Institute of Technology, Ra... 
technology	Gartner: Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends For 2014 via 
technology	Pink Day. breastcancerawareness boobs cake nipples bra Letterkenny Institute Of Technology (LYIT) 
technology	LIVE Today the world's largest Online Virtual Conference Library 2.013 | 
technology	Most companies, unlike Google, having trouble in communicating a value proposition? 
technology	iTunes Radio is one of Apple's greatest contributions to its line of technology. Discovering great music you never heard of, instantly :D 
technology	Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts - 
technology	insaka thanks to technology zambians have a chance to interact with the world beyond the pulpit & to learn that religion is not everything 
technology	The end of the world IS nigh: Huge asteroid 'will hit earth in 2032' claim astronomers 
technology	Saving ecology through technology: A team from DAV Velachery has been shortlisted for the ‘People’s Choice Award’... 
technology	Latest in Audio Technology!! 
technology	Saving ecology through technology 
technology	Look at how innovative LCD technology transforms & animates instrument cluster of Lexus IS300h F SPORT 
technology	Air America: The Dramatic Aerial Photography of Michael Light - Geoff Manaugh & Nicola Twilley - The Atlantic 
technology	Apple: 'Early adopter' as fashionista - Reuters technology 
technology	For people from Charleston, WV : Adidas Technology Futurist Stripe Future Sciencefiction Tron Science 
technology	PathPartner Technology to Showcase Latest Mobile Apps at Apps World - BANGALORE, India--(BUSINESS WIRE... 
technology	BBC News - Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacking', experts warn 
technology	Crikey. Google co-founders made more than US$250m each today as their share price soared. Each. Today. 
technology	Microsoft Makes Xbox 'Games With Gold' a Permanent Perk - PC Magazine Technology 
technology	Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacks' 
technology	?Remember hw happy most people used to be before their obsession with technology came along, think about it 
technology	MALAYSIAN INSIDER: Parents spy on their kids’ smartphones, track location, survey finds: Perhaps influenced by... 
technology	according My Knowledge it's far 14 km from Sundarban & it will use ultra super critical technology & 300M high chimney to emit CO2 
technology	germans and their technology, some little indian didn't put the net together properly in his sweatshop. 
technology	Percentage of turnover's the future. Win win in the good times and shared pain in a downturn. Landlords ? 
technology	Technology has us by the fingernails 
technology	5 Must-Have Mobile Apps for All Busy Entrepreneurs via technology 
technology	High fashion in the tech world - Independent Online: Independent OnlineHigh fashion in the tech worldIndepende... 
technology	Gartner's top 10 strategic tech trends for 2014 gartner tendance tech 
technology	AppzVenture develops, promotes and supports information technology in its full extent and vigor 
technology	The Top 7 Reasons Why Mobile Ads Don't Work 
technology	Argos shows Tesco how NOT to make a tablet Worse than the poor spec is the build. Dust under screen! $HOME.L $TSCO.L 
technology	isohunt shutdown torrents 
technology	Using Technology in Education: Does It Improve Anything? via 
technology	pen and paper is where it's at, none of that technology bullshit REPRESENT 
technology	Our generation is addicted to technology guilty 
technology	Yea technology is getting better & better but change is scary. Times used to be so good & simple 
technology	Oh, technology is just too good for words. 
technology	Just added "technology" to the list of things and people that have failed me😔😞 
technology	How Technology Impacts Where We Eat | Social Media Today 
technology	Waco Kid from Blazing Saddles, and also what did twitter do with the or part of my either/or tweet. Ugh technology. 
technology	2K Games seems to... 
technology	Brazil Signals It May Release Terminator Seed Technology 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Technology 2013 UAE Business 
technology	Light is an electric and magnetic field, so use lasers in small particle accelerators made of glass! RT 
technology	So you can read about miniature particle accelerators made of glass: 
technology	When loved ones go missing, don't count on technology to save them - Washington Post | 
technology	Video interview with David Milward on the future of search technology 
technology	NYRIUS® Launches Two Wireless Bluetooth Music Receivers with Enhanced ... - IT Business Net TDC 
technology	Next supercomputer will be fuelled by electronic blood | Graphic: 
technology	These kids give me hope that technology hasn't taken over the world after all... 
technology	By comparison, the overall Nasdaq composite rose 120 percent, while Microsoft — 10 years ago the most feared... 
technology	I want to WinaniPad so i can keep up with this technology world and behave like a intelligent nerd 
technology	Cybersecurity companies attracting huge investment Allegis Capital founder Bob Ackerman addresses where cyber 
technology	"How To Use The Facebook 'Kill Switch' That Hardly Anyone Knows About" shared via 
technology	TusharKanwar on why GrandTheftAutoV's one of the best games of this generation 
technology	Lemko Corporation Announces Engineering Alliance Embedding ...: ITASCA, Ill., Oct. 18, 2013 /PRNewswire/ --Lem... 
technology	Evaluation of the Use of ICT in Agricultural Technology Delivery to Farmers in Ebonyi State, Nigeria eagri ICT4Ag 
technology	"Would this happen in the uk? The Guardian: Stockholm's homeless now accept donations - by debit card. 
technology	6 Ways Technology Can Give You Super Senses 
technology	Caught on screenshot: hilarious Facebook fails! 
technology	:I'm the clueless ne when it comes to technology 
technology	The Myth Surrounding 4G via cc wireless mobile technology 
technology	everyone got excited about the technology and I guess it was pretty incredible watching a missile fly down an air vent, pretty unbelievable 
technology	Zoom Lebron X by Nike - greatest signature Lebron James Boys shoes with Hyperfuse Technology 
technology	The lenght of a cable ( High-frequency Trading and Exchange Technology: (from 
technology	What Does It Mean for the U.S. to 'Lose Control of the Internet? 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux: 
technology	I'll never be impressed with technology until I can download food from the internet!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
technology	BBC News: Ship trackers 'vulnerable to hacks' 
technology	DCESC Technology In Education is out! 
technology	pfft oh yeah...I forgot about technology... 
technology	Geeky hearts Myst creators seek cash for new game 
technology	FactsAboutMe: 
technology	The guided Busway seems like alien technology to most people on a Saturday... 
technology	Innovative Products Demand Focus: Leaders must orchestrate people, process & technology --> 
technology	i blame technology cus its a source that the gvt invented in order to forget and dodge the reality and the problems 
technology	technology | 16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume | 
technology	Our Forgaging treat feeder with biomaster antimicrobial technology is on special offer! 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: The growth rate for DRAM usage in PCs will slow to... 
technology	Thanks Sue, I will need good luck, technology is mostly a mystery to me. ) xx 
technology	LG confirms Google Nexus 5, Firefox OS and curved smartphones in October ... - 
technology	‘We need matchmakers, hippies with a business plan. Designers who are able to utilise imagination and technology... 
technology	Four Major Way 
technology	The River’s Moving Fast, and The Top 14 Marketing Technology Articles Curated Friday, 10/18/13 via 
technology	Know anyone for this job? Research Manager / Associate Director (Technology) in London, United Kingdom job 
technology	This explains it: 
technology	Life starts when you gets away from technology..... 
technology	Times when technology does it's healing. Missing her so bad and it's only been a day. kakababang… 
technology	exactly! :D 
technology	I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food from the internet 
technology	One share of google now costs 60,000 inr !! phew U.S. Technology companies rule the world there is no doubt about that 
technology	Twelve Tomorrows | MIT Technology Review 
technology	Knowmia - Technology for Teaching. Made Simple. | via 
technology	Latest mention of CSI Drug & Alcohol Testing in the Journal 
technology	Oil companies, environmentalists oppose fed rules for removing sunken oil rigs Technology 
technology	New micro water sensor can aid growers. 
technology	- New York City (Silicon Alley) Business Technology Events Calendar 
technology	Scientology Founder L. Ron Hubbard's Education and Study Technology 
technology	Great report on children and online behavior 
technology	New . achievement in technology 
technology	I hte technology more then anything# 
technology	New Job!: RBB Technology - VP - Global Head of IBM Application Platforms 
technology	Invented 4 the road-weary bicycle rider - LucidBrake - a breakthrough technology in bike safety! 
technology	Right twitter Friends, I'm after the best videos of technology in classrooms what have you got for me? flipped 1:1 coding etc 
technology	The Top 14 Marketing Technology Articles Curated Friday, 10/18/13 | via 
technology	Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale for $299 - technology companies daily added 
technology	Technology news. N.S.A. Plan to Log Calls Is Renewed by Court 
technology	isohunt to be shut down 
technology	Then your issue is with the not with technology. celeb 
technology	Skull fossil may simplify story of human evolution Species classification is also by age blowing the piece's premise. 
technology	Why technology is not always the solution for better education 
technology	Technology Extended: Jailbreak iPad 4, iPad mini, iPad 3, iPad 2 Using ... 
technology	MAKO: Tony Stark’s Jarvis Voice Recognition Software Now A Reality - via 
technology	Dolphin killings rise in Peru due to Asia shark fin sales Latest Science & Technology News Stories 
technology	I won�t be impressed with technology until I can download food. 
technology	RE/SRE - Media, Technology & Youth Research - London - RP CUSHING 
technology	Benex Corp. - Benex Corp. - Manufacture of production shaft straightening machines.... 
technology	Google Ḡ: "Google to Change Terms to Use Your Identity in Ads - ABC News" 
technology	Well, I think that's incredibly sensitive to particular details of the prevailing economy and technology 
technology	iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C coming to US Cellular on November 8th 
technology	Happy Coding Kids! 
technology	I cant turn off the auto correct on my phone. Stupid technology -.- 
technology	Free event looks good 
technology	Email is the most broken technology that you use everyday | ZDNet 
technology	Bollocks. . Any others? 
technology	اكتب_أيش_تخصصك Chemical Engineering Technology 
technology	JobCentre Planning and Performance Manager – Change and Technology UKJobs careers 
technology	Science And Tech Top story: The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux | Ars… see more 
technology	pyhdt8mgr 
technology	Seems quite cool on the face if it 
technology	startups technology 
technology	For anyone interested in particle physics ... !! 
technology	As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing. 
technology	Juno spacecraft makes Earth flyby today 
technology	I'm at Gulf University for Science & Technology (Kuwait) w/ 2 others 
technology	Windows 8.1 includes seamless, automatic disk encryption—if your PC supports it 
technology	The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux | Ars Technica 
technology	Career Almanac 10.06.13 - Alex Fernandez was promoted to technology lead of the... 
technology	Samsung Galaxy S4 - The latest doohickey is available now 
technology	Follow us at insagram: dark_technology 
technology	Indian E... 
technology	WARNING: Massive asteroid could strike and destroy earth on THIS date, claim worried astronomers: 
technology	Sitting waiting for it to start. Some faces are in the glow of new technology, others with books, others chatting inote13 anticipation 
technology	Ricoh specialises in technology and services that transform high volume document intensive processes into efficient ones 
technology	Smiling men less attractive to women: study 
technology	tech app news New Obamacare Numbers - Success Or Failure? socialmedia 
technology	Slavery: A $32 bil. industry with 23.9 mil. employed We marvel at our technology, wear clothes as a means of status 
technology	Oh dear, just reading some of my tweets from last night... Proper blaked man. Obviously reached mash stage. Technology & alcohol don't mix. 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Gitex Technology 2013: Gitex Technology Week –the Middle East, ... 
technology	i love technology. but its turning out to be one sided love. technology is not loving me back. especially these new softwares. 
technology	bundesliga dont gave goal line technology clearly! 
technology	jobs4u jobs Chief Technology Officer (Research & Development Officer), [San Antonio, TX] researchdevelopment 
technology	Life through the Google Glass... | lifestyle, technology, artificial Intelligence, Mind | thephilosopher 
technology	Families Using Technology to Communicate - 
technology	Internet through a light bulb? 'li-fi' 
technology	Collecting Art in the Age of Digital Technology Chaired by Heather Corcoran, Executive Director of Rhizome, this t... 
technology	Suzumo Machinery - Products: tatal rice cooking system, sushi robots, rice weighing... 
technology	F'n technology makes me feel stupid..hehe but then if homohabilis done seen this hehhehehe...shiiit 
technology	The Kenyan Ag Paradox - oxen plowed/hand planted fields right across the fence from GPS Guided Broadacre technology. Complex 
technology	What an amazing way for older people to use technology to solve some of lives problems - we definitely need more of 
technology	Tangled Web: Internet-based opera to open at Met | Technology | | 
technology	By 2100,moving objects by thought may be possible by exploiting technology called superconductors that generate enormous magnetic fields. 
technology	How To Use The Facebook 'Kill Switch' That Hardly Anyone Knows About via 
technology	Need to get an iphone of some sort ASAP can't handle this Stone Age technology anymore 
technology	Technology has not been my friend this week. Computers never mess up on me! THE WORLD. WHHHYYYYYY. NerdProblems 
technology	Cast: WSBA 
technology	Is wear technology just hates me. Everything breaks around me 
technology	Ermahgerd Do SnowJob Greenwald know?! // 7 countries that hack us every day 
technology	Dyson patents hint at 'silent' hair dryer 
technology	Batman Thinks Superman Is a Daddy's Boy themesh technology 
technology	Hey Thank you for following! scrum agile technology 
technology	Heather Rabbatts blasts FA’s ‘lack of diversity’ in stinging letter to the board: By Jamie Sanders... technology 
technology	ATLAS broke his ankle 
technology	Meet Nick of a Technology that empowers farmers, increase yields. Unreasonable2014 Mentor. Apply Now 
technology	great series 
technology	dualmedia Asus Plans 2014 Release Of Monitors Using NVIDIA's G-SYNC Technology Don't look 
technology	Room 321, displaying SGR Audio MT3.2SE, SS12.2 & Signature HiFi Rack, MSB Technology Corporation Signature DAC,... 
technology	Elon Musk Is Secret Buyer Who Spent $866K On James Bond's Lotus Sub - Jalopnik Technology 
technology	4 Good Visual Dictionaries for Teachers and Students ~ Educational Technology and Mobile Learning nevikings 
technology	Song Selected for Poem Page 1267.) Sheryl Crow… “Soak Up the Sun”…Ch. 17 A Technology the Poem is via 
technology	Twitter - Twitter is a website, owned and operated by Twitter Inc., which offers a social... 
technology	Flying kiss is the first wireless technology human has ever invented... 
technology	- I love how they tied ancient and terrible "values" and matched with modern technology. 
technology	16 Pets That Don't Care About Your Dog's Halloween Costume technology 
technology	Since Independence whether India has produced even a scooter, We are relying on begged freedom & begged technology 
technology	"It is not about technology; it’s about systems and societal shifts." About Spotify and record labels. 
technology	Kill Your Meeting Room — The Future's in Walking and Talking | Wired Opinion | 
technology	Navy’s Newest Warship Powered by Linux "USS Zumwalt will be a floating data center—armed with missiles & robot guns" 
technology	I love technology, mainly electronics. When the newest thing comes out I want to learn about it. Makes life easier. 
technology	I swear. Juvvies will be having all kinds of technology known 
technology	Tying to sort out technology again so I can listen to last hour of on Should have done it last night. Grrrr 2 Self 
technology	Not impressed... wtf wheres the food haha technology 
technology	Lexus LFA 
technology	The Technology Gazette Daily is out! 
technology	In 2013 Platini and the Bundesliga won't use the technology to tell us if it's a… 
technology	Martin Jol must guide Fulham past Crystal Palace to save his job: By Kristian Balkin Martin Jol is... technology 
technology	Yeah. Damn technology and it's automatically correcting nonsense. Listen phone, you don't always know what I'm going to say! 
technology	Boot up: patents bonanza, iPhone 5S sensors examined, Nokia's mistake, and more tech 
technology	Graphics Processors Speed Up Twitter Visualizations | MIT Technology Review 
technology	I feel your pain. The ever advancing march of technology has it's downsides! Turning on my laptop requires a 10 minute wait. 
technology	nbn is obsolete technology & a waste of money! 4G wireless broadband is the future! auspol 
technology	pharma24 FDA Shoots Down mPedigree Technology - 
technology	Malaysian institute of Aviation Technology 
technology	33396 Other Sydney uns: University of Sydney (top 2 alongside wNSW), University of Technology Sydney add Macquarie# 
technology	Arsene Wenger confirms Abou Diaby has suffered new injury setback: By Jamie Sanderson Abou Diaby w... technology 
technology	vs. Your Marketing Automation, and The Top 13 Marketing Technology Articles via 
technology	love the technology! 
technology	In Ireland, Denis O´Brien of Digicel is main shareholder of Independent News & Media 
technology	the german engineering is the best in car technology 
technology	One for my GCSE students: RT Putting the HER in Hero: why we need more tech superwomen via 
technology	Play Framework and Clod Operations Technology., 
technology	Thrilled to be a juror at Lego Robots Challenge FLL in Darmstadt Nov 9th. 
technology	The following table provides examples of learning outcomes, the kinds of learning activities that promote those... 
technology	7 countries that hack us every day 
technology	What the ****? My computer just bit me! Dark forces at work there are! technology geek 
technology	Two primary considerations when making a sniper shot, windage and elevation,Computer technology used to be a lot toughe 
technology	I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots. -Albert Einstein 
technology	Open day today. Talking to prospective BEd students about why digital literacy & learning technology are worth studying. Thoughts? 
technology	jobs business networking retail shoppers consumer sales economy technology news internet mktg marketing webmarketing 
technology	looks like we may have to, been at a jamboree on the internet today, Scouts, technology, Internet relay chat.. 
technology	A blog that describes the Web, technology,social networking, news, tips and tutorials, how-to site,software, video tuts and useful sites 
technology	Technology.... Can't stop t! 
technology	Job in Canada: Technology ... 
technology	your pushing the technology boundaries buckrogers 
technology	In one hour 'Capitalism, Crisis & the Politics of Technology' Room 2.40, 11 a.m. not in the programme, but is on the website 
technology	Apple stores await Ahrendts touch as outlets struggle with growing demand 
technology	Skylanders SWAP Force: Virtual world "twinned" with the real life Isle of Skye - 
technology	How is technology transforming retail marketing? Discover the answers in our latest news posts: 
technology	why did the aplollo 13 mission failed? ; . ( 
technology	Through the use of cutting-edge DNA technology, a group of researchers have been able to ga... 
technology	technology no human interaction world having generation of idiots :D 
technology	Saving ecology through technology - The Hindu 
technology	Surviving without technology these days is like surviving without any water when your in the desert. 
technology	Thank God for modern technology... I don't have to wait 2 weeks for a letter to arrive telling me my family in Aus are safe!!! bushfires 
technology	technology retro style : ) waiting for voice of Robert Dougall and Kenneth Kendall to resonate across the Piazza 
technology	Toyota Is Recalling More Than 800,000 Cars Because of Spiders via 
technology	Our trip to the Future of Technology in Education fote13 conference last week 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen - The Guardian 
technology	Mobile health technology has substantial potential for improving access to health care in the developing world and... 
technology	Long distance relationship sucks big time.. Technology shud come to our rescue. Like invent flying pussy or so.." 
technology	I know what will be my next impulse buy! "Adidas smartwatch has pulse sensor" 
technology	I'm just trying to figure this out -_______- technology these days man.😏 
technology	Google Glass: Wearable Tech as Social Surveillance Devices Technology 
technology	Who is Technology, would love to meet that guy mmmhh 
technology	Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen: 'Very pleasant on the inside and a lot ... 
technology	Gamer stereotypes no longer true 
technology	Android tablet 
technology	thx to 
technology	They really need to improve on this technology thing and allow s to take back sent msgs..' 
technology	We're Hiring! ExactTarget is looking for a Technology Architect ETJobs 
technology	Scott Case (Startup America, Priceline) Beginnings of Startup America 
technology	Technodhuniah:Information Technology: COMAN stays on its feet despite being pushed aroun... 
technology	isoHunt shut down, Canadian torrent firm fined $110M US 
technology	NOOOOOO! IsoHunt AnotherOneBitesTheDust | BBC News - Piracy site IsoHunt to shut down and pay $110m fb 
technology	50 Things we don’t do anymore Due to Technology an Infographic 
technology	Have a 404 Error page on your website for a lost user? Why not use it to help find a lost youngster 
technology	Modern technology 20 years on ... 
technology	I love technology and stupid people!!!! 
technology	Via Li-Fi Turns Every Lightbulb Into an Ultra-Fast Wireless Network via Technology 
technology	Gess who just got the opportunity for an internship with Ericsson, THIS GUY. MakingMoves (this co. invented technology for bluetooth)? 
technology	Facebook Is Losing Teens, And New Privacy Settings Wont Bring Them Back (Kelly Clay/Forbes.com Technology News) 
technology	Nigeria to earn $800bn on Biofuel Technology -Expert - &nbsp;By Marcel Duru, South East. &nbsp; A Professor... 
technology	Grocery News One Direction advent calendars hit by production delays: Hordes of teens hoping to get their hand... 
technology	Reading, "The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux | Ars Technica" 
technology	News: news - The Smart TV App Revolution Is Coming: Here's What You Need To Know - Women Citizen marketing mobile 
technology	Network Admin Jobs $ Junior Windows System Admin at General Dynamics Information Technology (Germantown, MD) 
technology	Major piracy site to be shut down IsoHunt, a major website that indexed illegal files, is fido via bbc 
technology	radical approach to teaching in Mexico technology children education latin montessori 
technology	Format... 
technology	Should Starbucks replace its baristas with robots? - Slate Magazine 
technology	How would goal line technology deal with that ghost goal? 
technology	LED light bulb 'li-fi' closer, say Chinese scientists - BBC News 
technology	Inspiring women in science and technology – your pictures highered" 
technology	asks, "India’s car market is among the world’s top 10. How can technology & science help in (cont) 
technology	New Nvidia G-sync technology to fix various issues: A new technology G-sync launched by Nvidia claims to fix v... 
technology	UK supermarket chain lets you 3-D scan and print yourself in ceramic 3D Selfie! 
technology	I legitimately don't know how people moved here before this technology. I imagine there were a lot more tears. 
technology	On the road: Renault Zoe Dynamic Zen news 
technology	where would we be without all this technology, no your not lazy your a genius lol 
technology	Music & Technology do it for me . 
technology	From the vault: Cloud computing can help you keep your business running in a ... 
technology	Wow, must test this tomorrow 
technology	The end of the world: Huge asteroid 'will hit earth in 2032' claim astronomers 
technology	as Jack Bauer would say, damn it! 
technology	"Measuring the impact of technology on social change is like measuring love." 
technology	Science & Technology competition NYP with ma girls 
technology	Timely 2012 interview by Internet freedom 'under threat from hasty legislation in UK and US' 
technology	Akhilesh decorates UP with technology ahead of Modi's Kanpur rally AkhileshYadav 
technology	Come enter to WIN a Kids' Technology Bundle from valued at $81.97! RockinHop 
technology	Would you mind taking a look at my take on design thinking in a technology driven context? 
technology	Sony is developing wireless charging technology that will cut the charging time in half, due in the 2nd half of... 
technology	Little cousin taking over the twitter account!! technology growingupfast family 
technology	visit; 
technology	,I lgitimately don't know why parents don't understand a thing about technology 
technology	unnao khajana-should be searched by JCB machines to avoid much expenses and time.and with the help of modern technology.to avoid tamasha 
technology	"Ghost goal" tat goal cheated goal-line technology big time :p 
technology	G-Synch, NVIDIA's New Technology for Gaming Monitors: Monitors have gotten really good at avoiding flickering,... 
technology	First group Skype with the belparians! Thank god for technology 
technology	G-Synch, NVIDIA's New Technology for Gaming Monitors. Never suffer from glitchy monitor images again 
technology	Lots can be done in innovation. Ordinary people can use technology, crowdfunding. 
technology	Remove/Uninstall NeoBux Toolbar and Completely | 
technology	Am apreciat un videoclip pe de la Are Humans Merging With Technology? 
technology	Mind-numbing mobile plans do buyers no favors (Smartphones Unlocked) 
technology	Sony VAIO Tap 20 Whiteboard Version allinone gadget sony tablet technology vaio 
technology	entrepreneur invest startups technology 
technology	I wonder how true this is? Al Gore got the founders drunk and tried to buy Twitter. 
technology	Cool:D Robot and hybrid technology exhibition diesnatHMMUPNVJXX 
technology	.I hve technology for the next week, so dm, tweet, Facebook or iMessage me! 
technology	TVS Scooty Teenz Electric Scooter review and Specifications | Technology Information 
technology	Steve Jobs: The Starchitect of Cupertino - The Atlantic Cities technology 
technology	By 2015, over 80% of handsets in mature markets will be smart phones. 
technology	Technology insights we built iYogi on....Have you ever tried to take a millennial out? I have; I have two at home.. 
technology	We are looking to reach new people. Share news technology media social ads art fun with friends. 
technology	Thank God for technology... One can buy electricity online 
technology	soooo but I get English and technology :'D , then what classes do you get on the girlside hmmmmmm ^-^ 
technology	Before new iPads are announced: Where to sell your Apple tablet 
technology	U.K. Supermarket Lets You 3-D Scan And Print Yourself In Store | Popular Science - 
technology	Sad to see IsoHunt go  
technology	TI is Driving the Future of Automotive Technology: via 
technology	Google Stock Tops $1,000, Highlighting a Tech Divide, Stock MostValuableCompany Google MobileAds 
technology	I don't hate you,, I'm just not really excited about you being alive,ur convo on Museums & Mobile Technology sfy,coeHN7 
technology	Energy efficient homes: Paving ways for a carefree and healthy living 
technology	Do your estimators need updating on the latest vehicle systems and new technology? Give us a call on 07923 563 260 to find out more! 
technology	Adidas Micoach Smart Run smart watch works with 
technology	Google Beats The Street In Q3 With $14.89B In Revenue, Net Income Of $2.97B, And EPS Of $10.74 
technology	hot tech news Microsoft says Windows Phone Remote Desktop app will join... socialshakeup 
technology	New ads reveal the horrifying phrases that come up in Google autocomplete when... 
technology	Argos MyTablet review: cheap, nasty and frustrating to use 
technology	NewFriend 2nd Annual Customer Engagement Technology Conference 20th November 2013 | The Address Hotel Dubai Mall 
technology	Logic Concept Technology ZM03A(BK/BK) w/o PSU Logic_Concept_Technology 
technology	Collaborative consumption meets regulatory control...an important contest 
technology	39226 Other Sydney unis: Univerity of Sydney (top 2 alongside jNSW), University of Technology Sydney and Macquarie' 
technology	Cool IP you can get for your startup: exciting IOT applications e.g. in mass sensor deployment? inventorthon 
technology	Technology has runed some of the most romantic parts of life...; 
technology	via manufacturing 
technology	The impromptu outing to Mardi Agro Technology Park on a rainy day. Us sitting on a 'shuttle' that… 
technology	GPS tracking devices, technology that allows real time tracking, are being encouraged by experts to lower the... 
technology	BBC News: Myst creators seek cash for new game 
technology	The Lights in the Tunnel - Automation, Accelerating Technology & the Future Economy, by Martin Ford: 
technology	24hrs to go until GITEXTechWeek! Drop by Hall 2, Stand A2-2 to learn more about secure mobile solutions and workspace technology! 
technology	Toyota recalls 803000 Camrys, other models - USA TODAY Technology 
technology	[forum] Range technology v8 module AMAZING - Hey guys I wanted to do a quick little write up on my first thoughts ... 
technology	That Stefan Kießling side netting goal for Leverkusen though. If only they had goal line technology like the EPL. 
technology	transfer of technology is not imitation, it is the first step to innovation. 
technology	Apple Inc: Where high fashion meets technology - Indian Express bhavikbhavsar 
technology	We should spend as much time thinking about technology as using it. GandLvid 
technology	Suck it up. Technology advances. So does generation. 
technology	What was the smartest decision you have ever made? — when I take addmission in bechlor of technology 
technology	Daren Pickles presents his paper 'Cybernetics and the Inception of Electronic Assistive Audio Technology' INTIME2013 
technology	sconce - Florindo Silva's image on 
technology	Big Data for Security Realities – Case 2 Variety Explosion | 
technology	Windows 8.1 – everything you need to know |MSN ARABIA via 
technology	Holder criticism grows to include Democratic, liberal media outcryWith the amount of forward-leaning that technology is 
technology	at $1000/share, the apex of technology and innovation 
technology	💔💔💔💔 RT if they wanted to be in your bed they'd make it happen.” IM TIRED OF USING TECHNOLOGY. 
technology	haha i'm not! but like technology is damn irritating sometimes! just take one day away from da world ^^ 
technology	Interesting stats on piracy - half content downloaded illegally not available online. An industry wake up? 
technology	I Don't Cheat Humanity... 
technology	Windows 8.1's little changes are a huge improvement 
technology	The mental illness monsters: artist visualizes diseases as mythological creatures 
technology	Technology News is out! 
technology	I hate the internet. I hate technology. I hate how we're so dependent on social media... Problem is, I'm addicted to it. Ugh. 
technology	ActiveCampaign Inc - ActiveCampaign Inc - Newsletter and email marketing. Provides... 
technology	MT>when will you embrace technology? 
technology	Recap of the Summit from my perspective coming up on the Frank's Class BLOG soon! Short version - awesome! summit13 
technology	As always, technology enables and empowers individuals, and as always the individuals exercise the standard moral choice of how to use it. 
technology	HTML5 Browser Storage: the Past, Present and Future - 
technology	October 20: Day the world logs in to Dubai for Gitex Technology 2013 UAE Business 
